The Art of War seems to be a classic piece of Chinese philosophy that is easy to translate into a mediocre work.  I've read a number of translations of Sun Tzu that are clunky and have none of the wit of the original text.  Now, I don't read ancient Chinese, but when a Chinese philisophical text reads like a manual for a microwave, you know something is lost in translation.On the other hand, this translation, done by Thomas Cleary, showed me the subtlety in the Art of War.  In addition to the work itself (which would make a very thin book) there is a long, interesting introduction written by the translator which I found very helpful in thinking about the Art of War, as well as helping to put the work in both a historical context, and the context amongst many of the other ancient Chinese philisophical works.  How Sun Tzu's work relates to Taoism is very interesting.  Also, there are selected commentation on each of the paragraphs of the Art of War.  These commentaries were written over different periods of time by different Chinese philosophers.  These help to show how many different points of view can exist over a single statement made by Sun Tzu.I find this translation very well done, and I can easily recommend it to anyone who wants to read The Art of War. War is ugly, dirty, brutal, wasteful and expensive. That is the reality of it. Let's not pretend otherwise.Having said that, the ancient Chinese master strips away all the familiar trappings of war - the warriors, weapons, forts and tactics - to reveal the essence of conflict and how to win.His lessons are as valid here and now as they were in an empire a long time ago and far, far away. It simply does not matter how you are fighting, what you are fighting over nor even why you are fighting. If you are forced into conflict with another, the lessons in this book will guarantee victory.Brute strength, overwhelming force, super weapons, holding the high ground, none of these are required for victory. All that is needed is a leader who can understand and apply the principles of warfare.Essentially it boils down to three ideas.1. Know yourself.2. Know your enemy.3. Only fight when you can win.Do this, and you will win competitions, elections, games. Anything that involves conflict. Even wars.Sun Tzu's elegant language lays bare the principles of warfare, illustrating his lessons with examples from Ancient China. It is a thought-provoking, colourful and valuable book. I got this particular edition of Sun Tzu's Art of War at a strategy course for sales. I already had a copy of it at home, but this edition is so nicely done that I gave my old copy away and kept this one. The introduction of James Clavell is a nice touch.It is amazing to me that this book is not read in high schools or colleges in favor of Machiavelli's work (The Prince or The Art of War.) Sun Tzu's writing is clear and to the point. Unlike the popular Book of Five Rings by Musashi, this book is not metaphorical and poetic; it's downright practical. And it's not hard to read, unlike many classics.If you are doing business in China, this is also a good book to know. I mentioned some of the classic strategies while giving a course in China, and every member of the class had read it, knew it well, and gave me many examples from recent Chinese history where Sun Tzu's strategies were employed. This book is close to their hearts, and will give you insight if you are doing business in the East.Of course, the most famous anecdote from this book is about gaining the obedience of troops; the emperor, wishing to interview Sun Tzu for the commission of general, asked if Sun Tzu's military principles could be applied to women. Sun Tzu replied yes, the principles worked for women as well as men. Accordingly, Sun Tzu was given the task of organizing the emperor's many concubines into an army. Sun Tzu lined up the concubines and set the two favorites as officers at the head of the columns.He gave them a simple set of orders to march and drill (eyes front, right face, about face. The drums sounded and instead of following the commands, the girls simply giggled and blushed.He repeated the orders again, saying that if the orders were not clear, it is first the fault of the general. He repeated the commands, and the girls simply stood and giggled again. "If words of command are not clear and distinct, if orders are not thoroughly understood, the general is to blame. But if his orders ARE clear, and the soldiers nevertheless disobey, then it is the fault of their officers."  Upon saying this, he ordered the two concubines at the head of the troop, favorites of the emperor, to be beheaded.The emperor hurriedly sent down the command to stop, he had no desire to see his favorites executed. The emperor said "We are satisfied that the general knows how to command."But Sun Tzu said, "Once having received the commission, there are certain commands I am unable to accept." And he ordered the two favorites to be beheaded. Once again, he gave the commands. The concubines marched, whirled about and drilled in perfect order.  The emperor appointed Sun Tzu general. This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles.The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life.Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages:Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting.If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move.All warfare is based on deception.The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought.There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war.The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals.In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak.When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat).Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical.Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read. This particular edition of Sun Tzu's Art of War is really excellent.  It contains three separate copies of Sun Tzu's book:1. The original Chinese text (in modern simplified Chinese characters),2. A facing version of Lionel Giles' superb translation into English (without notes or comments) and3.  The complete Giles Translation with an extensive introduction and notes throughout the text that provides detailed insight into the meaning and intentions of the text.Of all the versions of Sun Tzu's book on the market, this one is undoubtedly the best.  The scholarship and detail to attention of this edition pays the respect and gives the credit to the great work that it deserves.  Other, abbreviated, versions of Sun Tzu's book have their place, but not for those who actually want to understand the lessons of history that have been passed down through the centuries.  The meaning of the text, after 25 centuries, requires the perspective of an oriental scholar with Giles' credentials.  It is unlikely that the bare English translation, without notes or commentary, can convey to a modern reader the real meaning and intentions of a 2,000 year old Chinese genius.Lionel Giles's translation is the gold standard for Sun Tzu.  His deep understanding of ancient Chinese culture and his own roots in Western culture gave him a unique opportunity to bridge the gap and present native English speakers the opportunity to really understand and appreciate the mindset of this voice from antiquity.This edition does NOT contain a CD.  In spite of the masterful use of the English language by Lionel Giles, the Art of War is not poetry and probably doesn't benefit from oral recitation.  This particular edition is THE BOOK for those whose native language is English... and who know how to read. Sun Tzu's great classic work has been read, re-read and appreciated in China and the East for about 2,500 years.  Even today, major Japanese corporations are said to require their executives to be intimately familiar with "The Art of War" for its value as a source of strategy.  Napoleon was said to have been influenced by this book - as was Karl von Clausewitz and most modern day military planners around the world.For an ancient work to have had and still have such a following is ample evidence of its importance.  Its current day applications range from military strategy to business philosophy to sales training to computer games.  More important than the information contained in "The Art of War" is the logical mindset, the rational point of view that Sun Tzu presents, that contributes to the timelessness of the great book.Of the numerous editions of "The Art of War" that are available, this Special Edition that contains the Chinese characters, an uncommented English translation, and the full Giles translation with an introduction and annotation is undoubtedly the pick of the litter.  It has been said of the Giles translation that it is "somewhat dated".  The same could be said of Sun Tzu's great classic itself.  Yet it stands, unequaled. I cannot remember who introduced me to "The Art of War", but I know I could not hold onto the book for very long. Each friend I thought would benefit from the ancient words of Sun Tzu received a copy from me. I went through seven copies before buying the hard cover for my  collection.I found James Clavell's version quite difficult to find, but  well worth it - due to clarity of reading and balance.I tried reading  Cleary's version, but could not get through the first chapter. However, I  did purchase "Mastering the Art of War" by Cleary; finding it a  better tour guide.Clavell's "Art of War" offers tactical  insight on overcoming an opponent whether it be war, work, relationships,  or your own personal demons.Sun Tzu created a timeless piece of history  written for the future. I personally feel that today's society needs to  look back, master the art of war, in order to repair the future.Today  I'm buying book #9 for a person who inspired me... I wanted to return the  favor. This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles.The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life.Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages:Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting.If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move.All warfare is based on deception.The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought.There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war.The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals.In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak.When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat).Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical.Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read. I picked this hardcover up at a B&N; on impulse because it was on sale and I thought the traditional binding was gorgeous. When I flipped through I was surprised by how good the translation was! This isn't just a beautiful coffee-table book to set down and never open. The translation sold me. I can read literary Chinese, but I'm much faster in English. For the general idea, I read the English text. When I want to understand nuances and details, I read the Chinese text. I love having both side-by-side. I think the translation is fantastic, and the translator made some great choices and explains them well.ETA: I am somewhat confused by some of the reviews, as they mention commentaries interspersed with the text.  What commentaries?  The version I have (a gorgeous hardbound book with red lacing on the spine) is just the most widely-accepted Chinese text from the Song dynasty on the left pages, and the corresponding translation in English (not commentary, just translation) on the right.  When I clicked on the "look inside" preview Amazon offers, I was shocked.  That's not the book I hold in my hands; but the ISBN I keyed in brought me here!  Amazon has mixed two completely different editions together.For the record, I highly recommend the new translation from Chartwell Books Inc with the traditional Chinese binding and two languages on mirrored pages. A. OverviewThe ancient Chinese military general Sun Tzu lays out a blueprint for the effective waging of war. In his classic The Art of War, the successful war campaign largely revolves around two key elements: deception and surprise. Sun Tzu also describes the virtues that are required of effective military leaders, and, drawing from his many years of military experience, he gives wide ranging and insightful advice on knowing oneself, knowing one's enemy, and how to keep the spirits of one's soldiers fixed on victory. Throughout his treatise, his words are piercing, direct, at times witty, and often paradoxical. He writes, for example, "If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant" (I.22). "Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline, simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness postulates strength" (V.17).1. Virtues Necessary for a Successful War CampaignThe Commander is to be an exemplar of five virtues: wisdom, sincerity, benevolence, courage and strictness (I.9). Discipline among the Commanders and soldiers is the key to victory. One can even determine which side in a war will be victorious by asking "(1) Which of the two sovereigns is imbued with the Moral law? (2) Which of the two generals has most ability? (3) With whom lie the advantages derived from Heaven and Earth? (4) On which side is discipline most rigorously enforced? (5) Which army is stronger? (6) On which side are officers and men more highly trained? (7) In which army is there the greater constancy both in reward and punishment?" (I.13).2. The Law of DeceptionThe Law of Deception is summarized by Sun Tzu with these words: "All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near" (I.18-19).Sun Tzu goes to great lengths in justifying this assertion and in giving examples of how to deceive and to detect deception from the enemy. He writes, "Humble words and increased preparations are signs that the enemy is about to advance. Violent language and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that he will retreat" (IX.24), but "Peace proposals unaccompanied by a sworn covenant indicate a plot" (IX.26). "At first, then, exhibit the coyness of a maiden, until the enemy gives you an opening; afterwards emulate the rapidity of a running hare, and it will be too late for the enemy to oppose you" (XI.68).3. Law of Surprise AttackSurprise is also an important element in weakening the enemy. The military is to "[a]ppear at points which the enemy must hasten to defend; march swiftly to places where you are not expected" (VI.5), and, "[i]n raiding and plundering, be like fire, in immovability like a mountain" (VII.18). "Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt" (VII.19).4. Effective WarfareThe rest of the treatise focuses on how to wage war in an effective manner. War is to be waged by first knowing oneself and knowing one's enemy. Battle is never undertaken unless one is certain that he will win. Sun Tzu outlines the five principles of victory: "(1) He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. (2) He will win who knows how to handle both superior and inferior forces. (3) He will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout all its ranks. (4) He will win who, prepared himself, waits to take the enemy unprepared. (5) He will win who has military capacity and is not interfered with by the sovereign" (III.17).A successful war campaign is waged efficiently, with the Armed Forces knowing when and how to attack by expending as little effort as possible, for "supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting" (III.2). Few resources are to be expended in an effective war campaign: "The skillful soldier does not raise a second levy, neither are his supply-wagons loaded more than twice" (II.8).Sun Tzu also seems to hint at a metaphysical plane in which warfare is fought. He writes, for example, that the effective Commander "wins his battles by making no mistakes. Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory, for it means conquering an enemy that is already defeated" (IV.13), as though war is first fought on some metaphysical plane before the victory and defeated is reflected in the visible, physical world.B. CritiqueSome of Sun Tzu's counsel is outdated in the age of terrorism, military insurgencies, and digital and nuclear warfare. Some of it revolves around the size and numbers of the enemy's forces and one's advantage relative to the enemy based on numbers. Similarly, much of his advice is based on obsolete forms of land warfare that are rarely fought in the modern day. He writes, for example, "Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle will arrive exhausted" (VI.1). This advice will rarely, if ever, be relevant in an age where most warfare is fought in the air or from long range missiles, with forces rarely clashing in land battles.The advent of nuclear weapons also changes the entire equation of relative forces and makes the numbers of infantrymen almost irrelevant. Similarly, the introduction of insurgencies that blend into local populations have been able to render even large armies of well equipped soldiers ineffective and unsuccessful. Furthermore, the advent of digital and cyber-warfare makes the numbers of enlisted and commissioned soldiers largely irrelevant to foreign attacks.Though the forms of warfare have changed over the ages, many of Sun Tzu's principles continue to apply. Whether fighting a land battle or an air battle, the laws of deception and surprise attack are still relevant and highly effective. Furthermore, Sun Tzu outlines lessons that are important not only for the battlefield, but also for the general struggles of life. He writes, "You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack places which are undefended. You can ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold positions that cannot be attacked" (VI.7). This is advice that should be heeded by businessmen, political leaders, and anyone else in a position that requires defending against an onslaught of attacks or competition.  There are two critical things to consider when deciding to purchase a book such as the Art of War: the first being the content / author of the book and the second being the translator.  This book deserves 5 stars for both.  Sun Tzu's Art of War is the de facto standard on military strategy, and Sawyers translation and reference material take the work to new heights.  Sawyer has a strong grasp of the material -- and discusses (through the introduction and footnotes) the times and military methods that brought about this brilliant work.  The book has a number of minor typographical errors (such as lines of text that appear as the last line of one page, and the first line of the next) but overall these errors are minor annoyances at worst. The Art of War is a timeless masterpiece of interaction of power and politics. It is about war and not war. This version is the one you want if you are interested in the simple, yet profound wisdom of Sun Tzu. I have tried several other versions edited and commented on, thoughts and ideas spun left and spun right by other authors. There is no spin here simple staright forward thought and principles. The Art of War by Sun Tzu covers the basic premises on how to wage war and command troops, much like Machiavelli's Il Principe instructs aspiring rulers the proper way to govern a country.  Although the books are similar, The Art of War applies to many more aspects of life than just the conquest of territory.  It can easily be carried over into the office, into the home, and even into personal romances.  The topics are so broad they can be applied to almost anything yet the details discussed are applicable to every scenario you can think of. Sun Tzu covers all as he describes the proper course of action to take in all scopes from the entirety of the war to the relations with the individual soldier.  Everything from maneuvering troops, to the proper use of various classes of spies is covered in the book, as Tzu describes himself nothing can be omitted from this timeless classic as "The art of war is of vital importance to the state.  It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin.  Hence under no circumstances can it be neglected." (1).  As history has unfolded, it has never been devoid of wars, and does not appear to be in our future.  The foreword presents fascinating insight into how great rulers are said to have used and succeeded with The Art of War, prestigious rulers such as Napoleon. This universal applicability of The Art of War is one of its most enticing and lasting appeals.  The book leaves nothing out, covering every aspect of war and its orchestration.  Thus it successfully dictates the best course of action to take whether you're a CEO or just another guy looking to pin his relationship down.  The foreword is excellent as well, it does a good job setting up the book and giving a brief and quite interesting background of the book's history.  The only negative comment I have is the odd editing works during the book when the editor re-summarizes some of the original text into his own words, as that text lacks the power and simplicity of the other directly translated text. This book is definitely worth the read!  Take your time to see how Sun Tzu's writing apply to your own life and you will see how powerful his words are, as it will provide insight into almost any situation you're in. If you're going to pick up a copy of the "Art of War," this particular edition is the most attractive one to have sitting in a collection.  You don't have to be an ancient Chinese general to learn from  Sun Tzu's 2,000 year old masterpiece.  Much of this material can still be  applicable in day to day life if you look past the military language.  Especially recommended for people trying to get ahead in tough fields like  business or politics or even just for those who happen to like philosophy.  Also check out the animated Art of War by Tsai Chi Chung if you're looking  for a lighter hearted presentation of this and other Chinese classics. There are two basic types of warfare: attrition and relational-maneuver.  This ancient text is the ultimate text on the latter.  The US Army has mostly used attrition warfare.  That means you throw more soldiers and weapons at the enemy than the enemy can handle.  General Grant and WW II are cases in point.  On the other hand the US Marine Corps is well-known for it use of relational-maneuver warfare such as Inchon in the Korean War.  In relational-maneuver warfare, one can have lesser forces and still heavily damage the enemy or even win.  As Clauswitz called it--one attacks the enemy's center of gravity or attacks the enemy with more/better forces at isolated points (e.g. the Finns vs. the Germans in WWII).  One of the beauties of this approach is that there are far less casualties.  In Desert Storm, the Iraqi communications were taken out early--an attack on a center of gravity for command and control.  The principles in Sun Tzu's "Art of War" are transferable to any conflict situation as a general case because they are so high level in nature.  They can be applied to football, business negotiations, etc.  Unlike some, Sun Tzu recognized that winning a war is not a matter of killing all the enemy; it's a matter of imposing a nation's political will upon another.  From a certain perspective, he appears to be a realist, militarist, and humanist (he tries to minimize casualties) combined. Purchased this book for a teenager with the typical "video game attention span", who came across Sun Tzu's name while watching a History Channel series. He became intrigued with the application to his RTS multi-player games, and wanting to encourage any form of reading, especially one of classic thought, I bought this particular edition for the dual Chinese/English texts (he doesn't read Chinese, but I do). The Chinese text is in Mandrian simplified.I am very impressed with the quality of the cover and binding,  a luxurious feel and presentation.  I have personally owned various editions, both in English and Chinese (simplified, long form, and classical grass writing), with and without the myriad of commentaries, and the texts usually had been so densely printed that is at times very hard on the eyes.This edition does away with the following generations of addendum,  keeping the matter close to the original interpretations in a clear, well formatted page and faithful English translations. In fact, when I quizzed him a few days later on a few aspects of Sun Zu's thought, this teen, who couldn't otherwise stand reading a paragraph, responded accurately and with comprehension.That alone is worth 5 stars. Sun Tzu's "Art of War" is truly one of the great military classics of all time.  Although it is over 2000 years old, virtually all modern military academies consider it to be a cornerstone of the Military Science curriculum.  Sun Tzu's attitude toward war, as an expensive and unfortunate necessity that needs to be dealt with in a rational manner, is presented from the outset and it establishes the basis for his lessons.His steps in logical progression through the essential elements: motivation, logistics, strategy, tactics and intelligence are, of course, dated.  The most important element is the value of applying intelligent, rational consideration to develop the most effective course of action given the circumstances at hand.The number of absolutely essential books on warfare can probably be counted on one hand.  This one is number one. There are many translations of this work which has long been in the public domain. This is the popular translation by Lionel Giles made even more popular by the introduction from the best-selling author of Japan epics, James Clavell. It contains Giles' commentary along with the translation. The annotations give historical examples of the strategies in action.Game theory is calculated strategy. The Art of War by Sun Tzu is probably the oldest and most important book on game theory ever written. It is the culmination of the development of the best warfare tactics prior to the 5th century BC. It is considered the foundation for all military plans and is still used to this day. It is most popular for its ability to win wars without fighting one. Its application has shaped the world as we know it.The Art of War can be understood as a breakdown of the chaos of warfare into components that can be analyzed and understood. The tactics are mostly about controlled organization, recognizing environments and situations and the correct response to each one. Organization is subject to change in competition. The Art of War is essentially the strategy of responding to changing environments. Response is thus relative to evolving conditions.1 - "Laying Plans"The core message of this chapter is to calculate as much as possible before committing yourself. Important themes include discipline, ethics, environmental conditions and assessing the competition. It's about setting up the mission and evaluating the competition.2 - "Waging War"The important detail of this chapter is to win as quickly and as economically as possible. Prolonged struggle means wasting resources and undermining confidence. When winning, use the spoils as rewards and capital. It's about making war pay.3 - "Attack by Stratagem"This chapter is about deployment of the previous two chapters. The central message is to know thyself and know thy enemy. This stage indicates problems such as sieges, bad management and interior anarchy or legal/government interference. Advantages such as good management, exploiting opportunities and attacking tactics are covered. Strength is about cohesiveness and is independent of size.4 - "Tactical Dispositions"This one stresses putting yourself in a position where you cannot be defeated and waiting for the opportunity to defeat the enemy. It is about recognizing the breaks and taking them as opposed to creating the breaks.5 - "Energy"This part focuses on the power of deception to lull the enemy into a false sense of security and the use of spies to learn the enemy's moves. It also stresses the need to evolve in battle. It's about building up war capability.6 - "Weak Points and Strong"This chapter encapsulates all the previous five chapters into an advanced war strategy producing outcomes, calculating and responding to events as they unfold. The strategies are developed here. It is about creating breaks.7 - "Maneuvering"This deals with managing units and the internal problems they face on top of how to respond during movement to various circumstances. It is a chapter based on types of situations and responses.8 - "Variation of tactics"This section expands on the evolution of tactics and strategies based on situations and responses but concentrates on what causes failure.9 - "The Army on the March"This is advanced maneuvering especially across long distances with different terrains and how to deal with encounters. It is about interpretation.10 - "Terrain"This describes the various terrains that an army can encounter and when and how to occupy them. It talks about distances, potential dangers and obstructions. Positioning is important.11 - "The Nine Situations"This piece explains the condition of each terrain in terms of its tactical advantages and disadvantages and how to deal with both. It is a very intensive chapter because of the number of complex conditions dealt with.12 - "The Attack by Fire"Arson in war is probably the single most troubling weapon that an army could have inflicted on the enemy around 500 BC. This chapter is obviously based on the most advanced weapons of the time which have since been developed. It is about using the principle of creating disorder and chaos to win.13 - "The Use of Spies"Without spies don't war. War is won based on foreknowledge not by calculation but by direct information about the plans of the other side from spies. Spies are managed in this chapter.Even though the work is quite short (about 100 pages or less with commentary) it is complex enough to warrant several readings. It is the equivalent to learning how to play advanced chess, a game which compliments this study. There is a lifetime of thought within the pages. Napoleon was said to have used it and lost when he didn't follow it.The Art of War has become one of the most important self help books of this century popularized in big business as many executives have had recourse to this material because it offers a sound winning strategy. Most readers come away believing that the book's message finds it adaptable to many environments because it is all about adjusting to variations and so can be applied to anything and everything.The Art of War is not supposed to be an exciting read. It is a strategy book, a step by step guide to how battles are won and why they are lost. It is more to be memorized as a set of responses, including when not to respond, than to be understood. The combinations of the responses are unlimited. There is enough on the plate without asking why. Understanding why would come later and the answers to these questions would come from a very sophisticated understanding of the theory. It is an endeavor that remains open to the reader if they can come to terms first with the information that is here.Even if the book is not followed up on by subsequent study it can still leave a long lasting impression with its tips on discipline and achieving goals. It is great value for the amount of information contained in such a short burst. It will get you thinking strategically and that is more or less its claim to fame. Indeed, I am heartened to read one reviewer lambasting the general critical acceptance of "The Art of War" as "flowery". Unfortunately, most Westerners see Chinese philosophy as little more than yoga meditation and interior decoration. Of course, this is not the case.Take, for example, Sun's "Art of War". Here is a man sick of watching ancient Chinese warlords wage war in a sloppy, haphazard fashion (more as a social tradition than anything else), wasting their populace's resources and lives. Thus, Sun writes a magnum opus discussing the proper means of waging war, from gaining the support of the people to clearly articulating goals to ensuring success of well-trained armies in short and long campaigns all the way to the minute details of using fire (even setting other people on fire). Far from the flowery rhetoric of most Western diatribes on Taoism and Buddhism and (enter your favorite Chinese term here), the Art of War is at once simple and immediate, which is why it has survived for 2500 years.Griffith's translation of this work is masterful as well. Included are many of the commentaries of the ancient scholars (including, for you Three Kingdoms fans, copious amounts of Cao Cao), which show how Sun's text was used in various situations, both in war AND peace). Also, he includes an excellent introduction which places the work in its historical context and speaks of Mao Zedong's use of its precepts. Also are five appendices, one of which contains the other famous Art of War, that of Wu. I was particularly surprised at his none-too-flattering comments regarding the Japanese understanding of this work (truthfully, I think that too many people see the art of war in the Gordon Gecko, "Rising Sun" business sense), particularly in pointing out their blunders during WWII.All in all, reader, you will be hard-pressed to find a better translation of this seminal work. The combination of the full Giles translation of Sun Tzu's famous treatise with a simple direct translation makes this edition really special.  This particular edition has my highest recommendation.  It fills several needs by providing the Chinese Text with a direct English translation together with the fully commented translation.After you have read the full version with all of the comments and notes, you can really appreciate the rational simplicity of Sun Tzu's thirteen chapters.  Without the background that the full translation provides, most of what Sun Tzu has to say can be easily misinterpreted and applied to all manner of activities.  Having access immediate access to Giles' comments and notes, without having to be burdened by it when you just want to concentrate on what Sun Tzu had to say, makes this particular edition worth every penny.  I have studied 6 or 7 translations of Sun Tzu's Art of War, and this is my favorite.  I like it for several reasons, but mainly for three: It captures the poetry of Sun Tzu's original text, it captures the essence of Sun Tzu's thought, and the commentary is excellent.  If you only read one Sun Tzu, read this one.  If you have read others, you should still read this one.  I tip my hat to John Minford. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in Chinese culture, military history, or business management. This was a unique edition with the traditional Chinese bindings and the inclusion of the original Chinese translation. Its infuriating to read so many people praise a book they clearly do not understand when they think its a bunch of flowery Chinese words that can  apply to anything and any situation. This is a sign that these folks do not  understand THE most important book ever written about warfare. Because of  this Western mindset failing, I have to place B.H. Liddell-Hart's Strategy  as the FIRST and most important military book ever written--read this first  THEN tackle Sun Tzu's Art of War. Together these are THE two most important  military books ever written and for the impatient I will explain  why.Hart explains through military history how warfare is a mental  battle that is executed in the physical plane for a tangible result. Sun  Tzu's thrust is the same--and its not just a gimmick or a ploy one uses by  tacking onto a Western mindset of materialism or the like. The Eastern mind  which Sun Tzu articulates does not see war or conflict as "good"  or as a means to an end. Its in a fascinating way, a view that is more  Judeo-Christian than the so-called Protestant reformation-based West's  concepts of positional warfare and a climactic battle as a form of a  nation-state duel that justifies their existence (raison d-etre) in that  Sun Tzu sees the highest form of warfare is AVOIDING IT by deception and  psychological ploys that result in the enemy becoming your friend because  war is a waste for everyone that practices it. Those that see Sun Tzu as an  after-school karate class one takes to be a nice-to-have adjunct to an  ends-justifies-the-means run-over-people-to-get-what-you-want Western  mindset are "missing the boat" and reading the book at a very  shallow, selfish level. These folks are really wannabe Samarai reading a  book for quiet ninjas.Sun Tzu also goes on to show that the epitome of  warfighting is NOT "prolonged operations, however brilliantly  executed"  but the General who can avoid war and ironically by so  doing receives no glory or acclaim yet is the true hero of the people and  the state. What this means is that today--in the 21st Century with the  information warfare means available to us, we can for the first time  execute Sun Tzu's vision better than ever before because we can bypass  armies and bloody fights and reach the hearts/minds of the people  themselves--if we are clever and moral enough to do so. If we think of Sun  Tzu as a parlor trick, we will not have the morality to persuade the other  person to join our side and the trickery of physical fighting will only  yield a temporary victory as the enemy rebounds at a later date. Sun Tzu  looks deep into the human condition, to understand him you have to do the  same; the way of a ninja is more closely related to this kind of thinking  than a samurai looking for public acclaim/attention. A true ninja today  would use Sun Tzu to make the militaries of the free world more effective  in 4th Generation War (See Van Crevald's The Transformation of War) and use  all the customary battlefield tricks of indirectness and deception he talks  about if these primary efforts fail. If you want to truly understand Sun  Tzu, get your mind on the right boat to China and look deep into your  condition as a human and put aside what he says as gimmicks. I originally bought my first copy of this book, when I was a teenager, after I viewed the movie "Wall Street."  In the movie, Gordon Gecko (Michael Douglas) tells Charlie Sheen's character to read the book and  learn from it.  Now that I'm older I understand what he meant.  The  battlefield lessons provided by Sun Tzu - can be used in today's business  empires.Many have called `The Art of War' a Chinese version of  Machievalli's `The Prince."  Both books provide a  warrior/prince/manager/CEO with a way to think about problems and come up  with dynamic solutions.  This translation provides the work of Sun Tzu in a  good translation, not great, but only good.Another positive aspect of  this book is that it doesn't define what each passage means.  It lets the  reader determine the meaning and personally apply it to their life and  situation.Give it a read, Sun Tzu does not disappoint and decide for  yourself - what Sun Tzu wanted the reader to understand - don't be forced,  as some books do, to allow them to tell you what Sun Tzu meant. This is the best translation of Sun Tzu's work on the market. Sawyer is a deft scholar with the ability to approach the meaning most carefully in his text. Moreover the lenghty introduction to the text (three-quarters of the book) gives one a good description of the evolution of warfare in the the major dynasties of Classical China. Descriptions of everything from the development of the sword, chariot, and military organisation is included, all aspects of the the major military engagements described.The text should therefore appeal to both those who wish to get a general outline of Chinese military history and the context that Sun Tzu (and other writers described in the book) defines his concepts of strategy.This is a serious scholarship and there is numerous references to non-translated Chinese and Japanese first sources on the subject. Sawyer knows his stuff! There is also a full index with Chinese character translations of key concepts, events, people and places (since as any reader of Chinese script knows, there is no way the phonetic romanised spelling can convey adequate meaning). It is always good to have reference to the Chinese characters. .....This is the translation for those who hope to take a whack at Chinese classical scholarship and military history. The Giles translation by itself is excellent, but by having an effective three versions in one (the original chinese, the translation without notes, and the translation with notes) this edition stands above the rest.  Also, a historical section was a great addition. The reason those in the field of Business should read this book is NOT because it is a manual of sorts for strategies and tactics relating to 'Business'.  To make that assumption is erroneous, and to dismiss the book because that assumption does not hold is an even bigger mistake.  As a manual for whatever conflict you are applying the book to, the most good it will do for you is to remind you of something you may have overlooked, or some better alternative solution that you may not have thought of.  The book's true value lies in its ability to inspire elegant, simple, and practical solutions to a problem that may seem complex.  Through reading Sun Tzu's solutions to the problem of war, your way of thinking about problems (hopefully) will naturally become more enlightened by example.  In 500 BC, Sun Tzu was already thinking the nowadays cliche - 'out of the box'.  His final and utmost tactic to war was to avoid it.  Is the Art of War applicable to modern warfare as a manual of tactics?  Sure, if only minimally. Is the Art of War applicable as rare literature that embodies problem solving, practicality, and contextual thinking?  Amen.  So to those seeking a good manual, go elsewhere.  But to those who are able to gain intellectually from such readings: Don't miss out. Sun Tzu captured the ability to grab attention and then command it.  Art of War tells literally how to command troops, watch them, and use them to the ultimate exploitaion of the enemy.  Figuratively however, he tells how  management should play their role at work, and even how great leaders  should "command, watch, and use their troops."  A philosophy one  should not be without. Warning to the faint of heart - the majority of this book is not an easy read.  But I'm not sure that you will find an easy read of "The Art of War".  Accept no imitations, though - Sun Tzu is the authority.The first 60 pages or so of this book gives the reader some history of 200 - 500 B.C. China.  This section is filled with interesting artifacts, but the names and places are difficult to pronounce.  This will slow your reading down quite a bit.The actual work "The Art of War" was only about 50 pages or so, filled not only with Sun Tzu's writing, but also the commentary of some of the many translators of the work.  While a good portion of Sun Tzu's work may seem like common sense to some, he puts an excellent perspective on strategy and quantifying results.  It is this perspective that has no doubt led to the popularity of this book amongst not only those interested in the military, but also businessmen.I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in developing strategic acumen. This is the best version of The Art of War I have read.Thomas Cleary does a great job of translating consistently, meaningfully, and has useful notes for understanding the subtleties of translation.The commentaries are from classic Chinese leaders and philosophers, intermixed.  Not all commentaries come to the same conclusions, but they build on each other over history.  This is the way many people study these texts in Chinese.  This is the only edition I have found that gives context to being able to understand the influence of The Art of War in its functional and historical perspectives in the English language.If you have ever read The Art of War before and are looking for a way to get more out of the text either for historical or personal understanding I recommend this book.Highly recommended edition.  Many seem to think the only reason this book was written was for war strategy. The Ancients who wrote this thought more so of ways to enhance performance in general. That should not come as surprise to anyone slightly familiar with Oriental doctrines. A Mother could benefit from reading this book, then again a leader of a nuclear power as well. I strongly recommend another similar book titled SB 1 or God that speaks of the battle of Armageddon fighting the Chinese with modern strategy and weapons, also carries over to everyday tactics, By Karl Mark Maddox. This Special Edition version of "The Art of War" is by far the best version available.  The versions that sell for $4.95 are stripped down translations that merely present a sketchy picture of what Sun Tzu really had to say.  Unless you are an expert on ancient Chinese culture, the plain vanilla versions are next to worthless to you.There is no doubt that Lionel Giles was an expert in Oriental Literature.  His judicious selection of comments by various Chinese writers clearly demonstrates his scholarship.  He always presents the "best evidence" for each critical point that requires clarification.About the only way you might improve on the understanding that Giles passes on to English speaking readers would be to learn to read Chinese, become an expert in ancient Chinese culture and read Sun Tzu in Chinese; which just happens to be included in this Special Edition. I first learned about this book when I was reading selections from it in another book called A Collection of Wisdom (which, by the way, I highly recommend to anybody and everybody).  I found the passages so outstanding that I soon became a full-fledged Art of War fan, reading anyhting and everything on it and even frequenting the internet Sun Tzu sites.It is really amazing how this book is still applicable today, and not just to military operations, but to so many other aspects of life.  Sun Tzu teaches in a straightforward style how to command an operation of utmost efficiency and effectiveness.  Everything he recommends is only concerned with the best ends to the best means.Rather than formulate rigid guidlines, Sun Tzu teaches us to base strategy on the infinite variety of circumstances and based on the foe we are facing.  He teaches us to know ourselcves and whether we are in condition to attack, to know our enemies and know if they are in the condition to be atttacked, and to know the environmentla conditions in order to deermine whether fighting is practical.  He advises us to have a balanced perspective based on defense and offense, the former protecting ourselves from defeat, and the latter making victory complete.  He tells us to know the oppoenets weak spots and exploit them, and to avod where he is strong.  And of course, he tells us to base warfare on deception, and to use direct methods and indirect methods in combination.To use Sun Tzu's way, you must guard yourself, put on false appearances, and wait for the enemy to give you an opponent to make a mistake or leave himself open for atack.  Then you must capitalize on it.  He also says we shoudl bait opponents into vulnerbale spots.  And we must use spies to gather information.He also offers perspectives on picking the right people for the right jobs, and utilizing combined energy.  Sun Tzu also tells us to be precise in out timing, and to avoid prolonged warfare, and know that the great aim is victory, and not lengthy campaigns.I have read abut a dozen translations, all of them pretty good.  Honestly, my favorite is the old school Lionel Giles translation.  Also check out the book A Collection of Wisdom by Rodney Ohebsion, which although it does not contain the complete text, it contains most of best parts, and in what I think is the best translation of all. The Art of War is well known. Dating from well over 2,000 years ago, it is a compilation of short sayings relating to military strategy. These sayings have seemingly been found applicable by generations of military and business leaders.The author holds a Ph.D. in East Asian Languages and Civilizations from Harvard University. This new translation is written close to modern language so that it makes more sense to the modern American reader. It further establishes the point of view of the spiritual traditions of Taoism, the origin of psychology, science, and technology in East Asia that are the source of the insights into human nature that underlie this classic.The illustrations in this edition include some of the finest works of art from China, Japan, and Korea, selected from museums, galleries, and private collections in countries throughout the world. There is not much to say here except that this book is very complicated if you do not get a good translation. Thomas Cleary's translation here is probably one of the best out there to offer a version that translates well into English. The Art of War harnesses the Zen-state of Buddhism in order to master war is a paradox that Westerners have a very difficult time comprehending. Cleary's translation offers a rare but well written method for you to approach this paradox. His prologue is a must read for all. The Art of War in itself is very difficult to comprehend. Written in practical verses that seem applicable in everyday life, they are actually profound concepts with multiple meanings. I've owned and looked at several translations but I have to say this is one of the best. This book will provide you with the prologue to get you started to digest the dyspeptic Chinese bible of war, and the lucid translations of the verses thereafter will need time to assemble correctly in your head. I want to strongly advise you not to get discouraged because, afterall, the Art of War is very short compared to The Book of Five Rings or On War by Carl von Clausewitz. Once you get past the seemingly endless contrarian advice, you'll understand why this is still the most widely recognized book in Asia on how to deal with conflict and confrontation. Sun Tzu's "Art of War" is the first known treatise on how to wage war in a professional manner.  This little book was written some 2,500 years ago and has been considered to be the seminal work on warfare by nearly every military expert in the world since it became known to Western Civilization.Sun Tzu pointed out that war is a terrible thing which should be avoided, if at all possible, but, when unavoidable should be carried out so as to minimize the destruction.  He was the first to advocate that war should not be undertaken for trivial reasons and that it should be conducted by professionals who know how to do it right - who understand that no one gains from unnecessary death and destruction.The minute details of his advice are no more directly applicable to modern military circumstances; or to other areas such as business, advertising or sports; than are those from other classic masterpieces of literature from ancient times. The value of this little book is in the philosophy, reason and intelligence it displays and promotes, not in the specifics that were applicable 2,500 years ago.Sun Tzu's view that those who do not understand the gravity of war, who do not understand the necessity of a clear purpose and for specific goals to be achieved by military action, who do not understand the importance of discipline and effective leadership, etc... will surely come to grief is as true today as it has been throughout the history of the world.This is merely one of the greatest books that has ever been written.  It is an appeal for reason and rational behavior, even when conducting something as inherently irrational as war.  Its lessons are monumentally important even if they are occasionally misunderstood and misapplied by those of limited intelligence. Retired Professor John Minford is only a handful of people who truly understand the essence of the Art of War: "It is beautiful and chilling." He has been a translator and teacher of the Chinese language since 1977, and had chaired the Department of Chinese and Bilingual Studies at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University and the Department of Asian Languages at the University of Auckland.Dr. Minford's translation is extremely concise yet complete -- much to our pleasant surprise -- and is truer to the original Chinese format than all previously published Sun Tzu versions. Our analysis shows great care was given to rendering each and every word. Incorporating the conventionally accepted text, Shiyijia zhu Sunzi, along with commentary from various ancient and modern sources, his book is perfect for someone who wants both an accurate translation and an extensive explanation of its many concepts and principles. The book is broken out into two major parts: the first part presents the core text unadorned, and the second part has the same text with well-selected commentary.Just when we thought a new Sun Tzu the Art of War translation is not needed, John Minford's masterful work proved us wrong. Indeed, we are certain the value of his Art of War will only increase over time.  Sonshi.com. Sun Tzu's Art of War is great for anyone seriously interested in competition, but this is not the best translation.  I have six different translations and the best are the most recent ones.  Clearbridge's or  Gagliardi's are the best paperback.  Ames is best hardback.  Clearbridge  has a great site for studying Art of War if you are interested. This book is ageless! I'm currently doing a comparative analysis between this book, Thomas Jefferson the Art of Power by Jon Meacham and The Bible Book of Proverbs & Ecclesiastes. I'm finding new insights not just from the books, but more so through the comparative analysis. Intelligence to me is Data Manipulation, Data Processing and Pattern Recognition. I'm gaining the most insight in the pattern through comparative analysis. Connecting the dots so to speak. As a Chinese, I feel I'm obligated to contend with the other reviewer's notion that we are " trying to act like Saddam, posing as if they had some kind of WMD". We didn't exalt Sun Tzu. Historically, Art of War has been considered inferior to the other classics in China, which is unfortunately, in my opinion. It was elevated to its current cure-all status mostly by Japanese and Western readers.As to its usefulness, I'd say, yes, most of its advices are not particular new, given the fact that it's more than 2000 years old. But I think they are still well worth reading today. Its discussion on the cost of warfare and extensive planning and preparation needs to be taken before getting into war, reads like a case study of the current Iraqi situation. Had Rumsfeld read Art of War...And, yes, in many cases, its relevance and effectiveness have been hyped by gurus and consultants. But personally, I found some of its advices are relevant and well worth taken in my profession as an stock market investor. As motivational/self-help books go, I'd say Art of War is as good as, if not better than, any guru books out there.Even if you are not into military strategy or self-help books, I still think it's well worth reading if you are serious about leading a meaningful life/career. Because I think what really sets Art of War apart from any other how-to books out there, is not the particular advices it dishes out, but the apparent contradiction those advices exhibit. I found this is really powerful and gives you new perspective on the way you think.For example, this is a book on war strategy, yet it advocate that the best strategy is to avoid war. Image a book on how to make money advising people not making money, a marketing book not doing marketing. This really blows your minds away. Most of us just jump right into the tasks we have on hand. By reading Art of War, you start to say to yourself: wait a minute. What am I trying to achieve here? What's the cost of the things I'm doing? Is there a better way to achieve the same goal?Other contradictions abound: it emphasis the importance of integrity and moral high ground, yet it insists war is all about deception; it is all about rules and systems, yet it says you have to not be bound by rules and be flexible. This really gives you a fuller appreciation of the complex and contradictory nature of reality.For these reasons, I think a short edition is not a bad ides, because you don't have to learn the nuance to appreciate the value of Art of War.  Giles's translation of Sun Tzu is still the best, in spite of the best recent efforts.  This particular "Special Edition" gives you two copies of Giles' excellent translation - with and without the embedded notes - a real plus.  It allows you to commune with Sun Tzu's great book on more than one level.It is amazing how timeless Sun Tzu's thinking is/was.  His rational thought makes this ancient classic applicable to many areas.  Military types consider it to be a foundation stone of Military Science.  When they actually read it, Pacifists are usually surprised to find that Sun Tzu considered avoiding conflict the ultimate expression of military skill.  Business types re-discover it from time to time and occasionally draw inferences that stretch credulity, but then, that's what really great literature does: it allows you to see threads of connection across disparate time and space.It is probable that in another 2,500 years, Sun Tzu will still be relevant and topical.  New translations will be required as our language changes, but for the present, this translation is still the best. This book is simply legendary. Why? Something legendary is something that  lasts forever. Now, The Art Of War was written by Sun Tzu in about 500BC,  and guess, it's still applicable today. The book is divided into thirteen  chapters, each explaining every topic on warfare, from laying plans to  tactical dispositions and the use of spies. The foreword by James Clavell  is very sharp and strong, appropriate to this book. You pretend that a book  written in 500BC has many diffucult and not-still-in-use words, but it  hasn't! It is so clear that seems simply too easy to understand. Many of  the great generals of all time have read it, including the Chinese  warriors, the Japanese shoguns, Julius Caesar and Napolean Bonaparte. If I  was prime minister I  would have made this book obligatory for students of  all military warfare with an exam passmark of 95%, because simply, if you  know it, you'll win. This is a great book from a great philosopher and it's  well worth reading. War is not really based on honor... or glory, or even whose right. It's all about conditions, who has the advantage and how to dishearten your  opponents while making sure your own resources are protected. It tells you  what to look for through hundreds of various quotes and snippets of advice.  This book was not entirely by Sun Tzu, but a collection of famous  tacticians through-out history. Each seem to add another element to the  concept of how to win in conflict. In life, you can see a little of this in  each day... but just remember not too get too carried away...after all,  even Sun Tzu himself said "A battle not fought, is a battle  won."I would recommend this one... it can only broaden your  prospective. I'd suggest adding this book to your collection as well as  "The Book of Five Rings" by Miyamoto Musashi and the "Tao Te  Ching" by Lao Tzu. All three of these books seem to compliment each  other perfectly. One of the best books every written. Sun Tzu philosophies can be applied in everyone's life. Love, the Chinese binding. This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles.The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life.Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages:Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting.If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move.All warfare is based on deception.The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought.There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war.The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals.In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak.When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat).Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical.Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read. Do not let the title fool you. This is not so much about war as it is about relationships and leadership. I am a 50 year old house wife and mother.  I am also a writer and constantly searching for insights and inspirations.  I inherited this copy of the book from my son when he left for college.  Read a page or two a day; sometimes a paragraph will do!  The words are thousands of years old but the wisdom is timeless. One would intuitively think that any book on war written thousands of years ago would long-since be rendered obsolete by all the technological advances in warfare that have occured over the past few centuries.  Not so, says Sun Tzu.  The present text is perhaps even more relevant today than when the master put pen to scribe.The best generals throughout history (Alexander, Hannibal, Caesar, Napoleon, Lee, Patton) have all either innately grasped the lessons of this book, or they have learned by reading from the master.  The worst generals, on the other hand (Nicias, Crassus, Hooker, Burnside) have been oblivious to Sun Tzu's teachings - and more often than not they paid dearly for their shortcomings.Much of THE ART OF WAR is straightforward.  Some of it even falls under the category of common sense.  Amazingly, even the most rudimentary instructions have been ignored by military leaders down through the ages.If, perhaps, there is one single "golden" rule of warfare that Sun Tzu would ultimately allude to, it is this:  warfare is a complicated business.  Do not enter into it without thinking through what it is you wish to accomplish by going to war.  Do not go into combat half-cocked, and don't rely on half-baked plans or half-wit generals.The penalty for not following this dictum could very well be either your annihilation or the financial and materiel ruin of your society.  For further elaboration on this point I will defer you to the Chinese sage himself.Given the amount of information rendered by this book, it is a surprisingly quick read.  As a bonus, we are also able to peruse the trenchant commentary of various other Chinese military persons.This book is, quite simply, a must for the military historian - both amateur & professional.  I would hope that it is standard reading for all major war colleges in my country.  While the instruments of war change over the centuries, the rules of war remain constant. This ancient classic of 13 chapters was written over 2,500 years ago by the legendary Chinese general Sun Tzu. It is a must have for military buffs that enjoy reading about the tactics of the most succesful generals. It is rumored that Napoleon used a French translation of the Art of War to his advantage while conquering most of Europe, and he lost when he broke its principles.The principles that are with in this ancient text can also be used in games of strategy, business conflicts, and the day to day battles of life.Here are ten principles to give you a sample of the wisdom found in its pages:Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance with out fighting.If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.Spies are the most important element in war, because upon them depends an army's ability to move.All warfare is based on deception.The general who wins a battle makes many calculations before the battle is fought.There is no instance of a country having benefited from a prolonged war.The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy, and does not require too much from individuals.In war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak.When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. (So they can retreat).Move not unless you see an advantage; use not your troops unless there is something to be gained, fight not unless the position is critical.Taken as a whole this is a book of wisdom and principles on how to win. I rank it in my top ten books I have ever read. It is a must have for any home library. The is a very small book that is quick and easy to read. Fantastic book, contents and the beautiful design, red rope binding really gives it a unique look. Perfect for a coffee table when you want to catch some quick inspiration.Highly recommended for the quality of workmanship, as well as the contents therein. This great classic and author's translation depicts the author's intended purpose of bringing to light the thoughts of classical Chinese authors. The introduction to the book helps reader formulate thoughts on strategy in the face of conflict. He included interpretation of a number of other classical thinkers with clear focus of Sun Tzu. Over a period a few thousand years, this work has been read, translated and interpreted by many, yet despite the differences in the times from which these authors wrote, the original meaning rarely never disagreed upon . For anyone needing a clear guide to approaching conflict at whatever level, Giles's translation of The Art of War is a good decent start..I am a fan of Sun Tzu Art of War and try to read it every year. Amazingly its wisdom is still very relevant in today modern world even after over 2500 years. Conflicts and little wars are waged daily in our lives. Its a battlefield whether in the office, business, relationship or sports. Verses in the book occur in modern life.---------"If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat"This has been concised to modern Chinese proverb  (Zh j zh b, bi zhn b di.)If you know both yourself and your enemy, you can win numerous (literally, "a hundred") battles without jeopardy.-----------and some of my personal notes on SunTzu"When the enemy is relaxed, make them toil. When full, starve them. When settled, make them move.""In conflict, straightforward actions generally lead to engagement, surprising actions generally lead to victory.""Thus those skilled in war subdue the enemy's army without battle .... They conquer by strategy.""In war, numbers alone confer no advantage.""To ... not prepare is the greatest of crimes; to be prepared beforehand for any contingency is the greatest of virtues.""What is of the greatest importance in war is extraordinary speed: One cannot afford to neglect opportunity."I personally recommend it to those who are in business to at least give this one a read and see how some of the strategies might help formulate and lay down plans moving forward.  An absolute necessity for businessmen, strategists, parents, kids, plankton, bacteria...basically anything that breathes life.  Applicable from battlefield to the bathroom...an owners manual for your life. The mechanics of Sun Tzu's art can be applied to many subjects other than war.The book is not very long or expensive, so the hour or so spent reading is well worth it.This particular version is pretty nice. It includes a little history lesson in the beginning. It is common knowledge that you cannot become a great warrior without mastering this work. There is combat in all aspects of life - from work to family and even when playing games. Its true that winning isnt everything, but of course losing is nothing. I read this because I want to be a trial lawyer and thought it would be fun to try to draw analogies between Sun-Tzu advice on the battlefield and that of the courtroom. It was surprisingly easy to do so. The snippets of wisdom can easily apply to other situations - much the same as how a horoscope can apply to any and all Capricorn's or Leo's. The general wording allows the reading to twist the advice to fit into their own life situation. I'm not sure that the reader truly learns any strategies they would not already know - but I found that reading this book puts the reader in a state of mind for combat and that in itself can be the path to victory.Relic113 Dr. Thomas Cleary as with many of his translated works on Eastern religion/philosophy and Islam, brings us yet another excellent rendition of a classic in basic strategy.Not only does he bring the Master Sun Tzu's classic along with its eleven commentators from various periods, he also provides us additional material whether it be essays from classical Chinese strategists, The Lost Art of War by Sun Bin, descendant of Sun Tzu, and of course Silver Sparrow Art of War which a version of the Art of War which contains previously unknown fragments that further illuminates the text we are so familiar with.This is a must for anyone interested in Chinese classics and for those who have an interest in basic strategy that can be implemented not only in the battlefield but in other aspects of life itself. The Art of War is considered a classic of military strategy, and is frequently rapplied in the business arena.  Is it about the military, or achieving victory with the mind?  Was Sun Tzu really a general?  Did he really behead 50 maidens for not taking his military drills seriously?  (The next 50 were more serious students - motivation!)Independent of the truth of the legend, the truths in this book are worth pondering.Take one piece of advice, roughly paraphrased as,"Know thy self, win some of the time. Know thy enemy, win some of the time. Know both thy self and thy enemy, and win all of the time"At the surface, this is so obvious as to not be profound.But look at it's applicability...How many companies worry so much about their competitors that they don't understand what they're good at?  To defeat a corporate competitor, you must know your competitive advantage.How many people think, "This purchase is in my best interest, so I'll buy it" without considering the price.How many politicians are willing to say, "It doesn't matter what the Al Quada was thinking, it was wrong, so we must bomb them"  How can we truly beat them if we don't understand them?There are literally hundreds of these truths to ponder - so obvious until you look at how infrequently they're done.This ancient wisdom is worth more than reading, it's worth understanding. I purchased this book for my boyfriend. When I received it, I opened it and the hard cover was absolutely gorgeous. I loved the fact that the book was in Chinese with English subtitles. My boyfriend was so happy to get the book, that he began to read it immediately. He finished the book in half a day. I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a very knowledgeable and wonderfully crafted book. I've read at least one other translation of this work and the Samuel B. Griffith translation is much preferred. By comparison his language is elegant, almost bordering on poetry compared to the dry prose of another writer's newer translation. Yet, the content is clear, never being compromised in favor of style.There are almost 300 reviews of this text, so there's no need to repeat what's already been said. If you're looking to own a copy of this classic I'd strongly recommend not just this book, but this particular translation as well. First published in 1963, this translation from General Samuel Griffith is considered the finest rendering of Sun Tzu since 1910. It has commentaries within the text itself; good history and much analysis. In fact, a lot of analyses. Excellent and unique section on Sun Tzu's influence in Japan.  Just that section alone is worth acquiring the book. It has a superb  rendering of Sun Tzu in which we can find few faults.  A must have book on  your shelf if you are interested in Sun Tzu and strategy. Very pleased! It also has a hard cover for the book itself that the book slides into. The physical quality of the book and cover exceeded my expectations, as did the literature itself. I am highly recommending to all! "So it is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will fight without danger in battles. If you only know yourself, but not your opponent, you may win or may lose. If you know neither yourself nor your enemy, you will always endanger yourself."The Art of War is the most prestigious and influential book on strategy that has ever been written. Sun Tzu showed how organizations can thrive in times of conflict and chaos by mastering five things: the way, the weather, the terrain, the leadership, and the discipline.Strategy is simply the art of making the right trade-offs. Everything we do in life has a cost-benefit. We must examine our choices and make the best one at each moment.Success is being the right person using the right tools in the right ways for the right cases at the right times for the right reasons.When I was 12, I wanted to enter West Point to become a general to lead and fight the greatest wars of my time. Yet, I began to realize that the biggest battles of this era were not between nations and man, but between health and disease.The world was crumbling with pollution, disease, hunger, fear, greed, violence, ignorance, and apathy. And these enemies would not be won by wars between men, but by revolutions within minds.These revolutions will not occur with the government, the education, or any social institutions. It will happen with businesses.This is the book that first connected me to my father. He told me that, "business is like modern day warfare."That always stuck with me.  This was an excellent purchase. The price at around 8 dollars makes it a great find especially considering the beautiful binding this book has. The art work does not do it justice.  This could be used as a piece of art work to put into your office or personal library. It is also great to see the traditional Chinese characters on each page depicting the actual text that was written close to 2000 years ago. Simply a beautiful book and the content speaks for it self and has stood the test of time as a classic.This is a must buy for fathers day for any business owners or entrepreneurs. Both a great contextual book and beautiful to display. As the subject implies, this work is certainly a work of art. Although  James Clavell in no way can take credit for this book he has done a great  work puting this edition together. This is not only shown in the  translation, but also in the foreword as well as in the numerous short  interludes that describe events in the Chinese history - events that was  either descided upon by the use of Sun Tzu's words, or events that makes a  point.During the XIII chapters you are guided trough all aspects of  desicion making in a very poetic but also very precise manner. This will  give you a large part of the knowledge you will ever need when commanding  your own army. However, this is where the great gets better - take this  knowledge and use it in every day life. Wheter you are an admiral or a car  salesman you will be able to draw conclusions from this work in a wide  number of ways. So do not miss out on this book, this work of art, this  book of war - this manual to life itself. The theories presented by Sun Tzu in this book have just as much weight today as they did 2,000 years ago.  The text is pretty short, and is extremely easy to read and understand considering it is in list form.  The  book is required reading at service academies and is on reading lists for  U.S. military officers.  Even Napolean studied this book.  Chapters:  Estimates, Waging War, Offensive Strategy, Dispositions, Energy, Weaknesses  and Strengths, Maneuver, The Nine Variables, Marches, Terrain, The Nine  Varieties of Ground, Attack by Fire, and Employment of Secret Agents.  Also  included in this version is Wu Ch'I's "Art of War" This is good read for anyone in a competitive market (which pretty much encompasses the world).  The ancient warrior Sun Tzu explains the "Art of War";  how to read the minds of your enemies and out guess them, how to strike fear into the hearts and minds of others, how to put yourself into a position to win a decisive battle, and the list goes on.Don't be fooled by the title.  This book is not just about wars fought on the battlefield.  Inside are comparsions of fights that are fought everyday by hard working people and how to win them.  A good read for all on how to protect yourself and attack others. I've heard about the Art of War for awhile now. And finally being convinced to buy it I chose this beautiful hardcover to add to my collection.This version has many comments on certain sections, mainly in trying to interpret. And sometimes they contain an interesting war stories. I found it pretty captivating (I finished the book in less than 2 days) although I would like to read it again without all the comments because I feel that they are too distracting from the actual words of Sun Tzu.The book itself is beautiful, has a really nice dust jacket. However the illustrations make no sense of placement. In this book you'll basically receive Sun Tzu, with comments, and random almost unrelated pieces of Chinese art. This is the main reason why I give this book 4 out of 5 stars. If the illustrations blended better with the book it would definitely be a solid 5 stars. But all in all don't let that keep you from buying the book! It's great and I can see myself reading it again and again the ought my life. It really helps you think, and you may even be surprised like I have to find that some of his teachings came natural to you!Mostly on the part where Sun Tzu says to use any advantage you can get, specifically I was able to use someone's temper against them in a competition to compensate for the skill imbalance (something Sun Tzu would promote)Simply all I had to do was stall and taunt until my friend got frustrated and started making mistakes, and I was able to beat him. He called me a coward for it and said that everyone knew he was really more skilled than me. And yes it's true that if everything was on his terms I would of lost miserably. But that's what Sun Tzu teaches us, fight on your terms, use your advantages, and punish your opponent for his weaknesses.I think you may be surprised how many teachings from this book you have already seen in your life as well. And if not seen already, they can surely be applied. Buy this book! 2,500 years later, and still we read Sun Tzu.  He's even part of our popular culture (if with slightly insidious connotations) thanks to the film Wall Street.  At any rate, his fame is richly deserved.  Although he discussed his philosophy in terms of war (with mentions of horses and the trappings of battle, for example), much of his work is written in broader language.  His central lesson:  Know your enemy and know yourself.  Everything else emanates from this.  Of course, Sun Tzu's conception of knowledge goes deeper, in a Taost sort of way, to knowing the fonts of being, the nature of existence.  But from it also come the keys to success in war.  Also important is deception (which is, of course, simply manipulation and exploitation of knowledge), as well speed and surprise.  For Sun Tzu, the ideal battle is fought and won without bloodshed; it is essentially waged between two opposing commanders, who attempt to outwit the other.Draw what conclusions you will for the modern world of business and politics, but the bottom line is, this is an enduring classic, with relevance even today.  And Samuel Griffith translates the work admirably, despite the difficulty of translating aphoristic Chinese. For years I've heard people refer to this book as the ultimate tactical planner's guide. However, I never took the time to  read it because I was turned off by images of greedy, yuppie stockbrokers refering to this book as their Bible.  I didn't want to read anything recommended by corporate head-hunter types.  I detested those individuals and any philosophy they espoused.However, when the war in Afghanistan started, I became fascinated with military tactics and questioned why we have to bomb everything in sight. Is that the only way to win a war and does bombing actually end the conflict or prolong it? I picked up this book hoping to glean some Eastern wisdom from the legendary Sun Tzu. I was not disappointed.Sun Tzu confirmed everything my instincts had been telling me about this dunderheaded Clausewitzean approach to military tactics. The US's overrealiance on ordinance and smart munitions has resulted in us becoming more and more tactically and politically inept.  Our military destroys infrastracture and imposes silly sanctions that only prolong the "total war".  In the end we exhaust our resources, frustrate our troops, alieanate our public, and forever ruin the indigenous people's lives.  The tragic irony being we do more damage to the people we are trying to save than the "enemy" could have done himself.Individuals like Bin Laden could have been apprehended had we taken up the offers of the Sudanese or freed up the small tactical units that warned us of this nutjob years ago. Instead we blunder forward with our highly destructive and inevitably ineffectual answer which is attrition warfare. The same thing that probably got us in this mess in the first place.Sun Tzu, amazingly enough, predicted 2,500 years ago that this total war approach (destroying your enemy's property, stealing the enemy's food and riches) was actually more destructive to the endgame and to the overrall political objective. He eloquently advanced the notion that the true art of war is to conquer your enemy without ever actually going to battle!Sun Tzu's heavy emphasis on psychological warfare (using spies to spread rumors and cause division in enemy ranks, disguising troop movements by appearing more formidable than you actually are, and winning through skillful negotiation) all seem concepts lost on today political and military elite. Sun Tzu preached you must possess the victory BEFORE ever setting foot on the battlefield. Despite the book being a military manual, I was surprised at how much emphasis was placed on avoiding war and pursuing mental and psychological victories. When Sun Tzu preached "know your enemy" he wanted you to know the endgame. He wanted you to see the bloodshed and the loss and determine if it was even worth it to use military force in an effort to achieve a political objective.Our "100 hour" wars have become decades-long nightmares. Our reliance on air bombardment is resulting in us ignoring many of the brilliant small unit tactics that Sun Tzu espoused, thus we've had to reign in even more fire from above because our troops down below are insufficiently trained. We've abandoned the principles of deception. Because of our overreliance on technology, we've abandoned using human intelligence (which Sun Tzu strongly espoused) thus we have no moles, no double agents, and inevitably, no reliable intelligence on our enemy.  In short, we don't know our enemy. We've sold ourselves on  Clausewitz' destructive theories of attrition warfare. We've forgotten that the most effective and most advanced weapon in our arsenal is our brain. Because of the illustrations I downloaded The Art of War to the Kindle Fire HD.  Quite pleased with the presentation and the formatting.As for the text of the book itself, there is little that can be said that has not been said.  This is a must read book for everyone, and I especially recommend it for late teens or college students.  Although Sun Tzu was actually describing war, this book is easily understood in terms of life in general and great for business majors. Reading this text through the lens of Christian doctrine has shown that many archetypal beliefs exist among men of faith. Within this text, the man of war is presented as a well-disciplined and wise individual who abhors war. For him, war is the last option and not the first. This ancient book of wisdom contrast with the practices of many modern world leaders. The translator's introduction often references the  Tao te Ching which might also be excellent reading for the man of faith who hopes that the can communicate his beliefs with others who have a background in Eastern philosophy (1 Corinthians 9:19-23). If sustained peace ever enters this modern era, it will come from the body of faithful, peaceful, and well-disciplined men.Much like Gideon and other Biblical accounts, the text states that the greatest warrior can win a war without fighting a battle.Unfortunately, this text often is read by greedy, power-hungry individuals who do not seek peace and are misled by the title. The teachings which I contains can be used for "good" or "evil". With this text, one can heal "difficult" situations or promote anarchy as the modern physician can heal or kill with prescription medicine. This is a powerful text and excellent reading. This is the first edition of "The Art of War" I've read and I'm glad I made the decision to pick this one up. Cleary does a remarkable job in the introduction of explaining Sun Tzu's philosophy. The peak efficiency  of knowledge and strategy is to make conflict altogether unnecessary:  "To overcome others' armies without fighting is the best of  skills."Also, Cleary goes into detail of the Taoist aspect of the  text by using quotes and examples from other ancient writings including the  Tao Te Ching.A rather nice touch to this edition is that following each  of Tzu's sentences or paragraphs (written in boldface to be indentified  easily) are the further explanations of various Chinese commentators from  Cao Cao in 155-200 C.E. to Ho Yanxi of the Sung Dynasty. These commentaries  help to easily show the finer points of each ideology.Overall, a quality  work that I'd recommend to anyone interested in reading "The Art of  War".  For those who are unfamiliar with the general principles and the theory/purpose of war, the "Art of War" makes an excellent short read.  The surprising thing about this book, written by a Chinese philosopher and general 2,500 years ago, is that it is just as applicable today as when in was written.  The principles Sun Tzu outlines range from simple common sense, to sage advice, and his book is even today used by militaries in studying the theory of war.  Significantly, Sun Tzu points out that the true purpose of war is to obtain peace and maintain safety, a thought that is often lost on modern society.  He also breaks down various aspects of warfare, considering the usage of spies, tactics and strategy, battlefield terrain, and the necessity of discipline.  Another nice feature of this book is the interesting anecdotes inserted by the editor James Clavell, which illustrate the various points made by Sun Tzu. My favorite version.  It reads more like a powerpoint, much more precise and to the point.  I you want to read and interpret Sun Tzu for yourself, this is not the translation you want.  But if you want a clear and concise english translation, similar to today's Living Bible vs King James versions, then this is a great book for you. nothing to say..... this is a classic.  mandatory reading for anyone interested in history, war, management, marketing, business competition, negotiations, high politics, spin control..... you find something to refer to almost any acts of human beings as a group or society.  it's amazing.  everybody has something to learn from this little book.  I have it like in 5 different formats, in three languages, and now in my iPad with me. I love this book. The Art Of Warby Sun Tzu  (Author) is an excellent timeless masterpiece. A must read for sure. Wonderful book. Super pleased with this product. I am very happy to say the least. Thank you so much! I hope to do business with this seller again in the near future. Thank you for the expediency and swiftness of the order. Next time I am looking for a product similar to this, I will definitely keep this seller in mind and be sure to tell others I know about where I got mine so they can purchase it the same. High quality product well worth the purchase. Check out was a breeze. . I am very happy to have this item in my collection and would purchase again at purchase price if in the market for it. I will tell my friends, family, and coworkers about this item and this seller. I am in no way affiliated with this company. This review and any review I make connected to this item are solely thoughts of my own. To the seller: Thank you very much for your great product, the opportunity to try it, your quick order processing time, and for being a great seller. I wish all sellers were like you and all products were of this caliber and quality. I would like to try more products from this seller in the near future. I highly doubt I would be disappointed. This seller aims to please. Thank you again. A + + + + To the potential buyer: buy away!! :) Products and sellers like this make shopping online a wonderful thing and a great experience. I cant wait to see what other products there are like this one. Thank you for this The Art Of Warby Sun Tzu  (Author) I will never tire of reading and using The Art of War to learn about myself and how I can improve - even just the little things.  I don't claim to have nearly exhausted the value it can bring me.  Read it in the contexts of how you interact with family, friends and of course work- yesterday, today and tomorrow - your "superiors", staff, peers and customers.  Take some notes, re-read over & over again, maybe read components out loud to yourself.Perhaps it is easier to read if you only try to digest it in small bites as it might frustrate (certainly had that effect on me).  There is value in reading it over time with someone else - much like playing chess by correspondance.  Each move (page) can be savoured that way.Overall, like most things, you will get out of this book what you put in.  It is quality time with your thoughts - enjoy it - you owe it to yourself. The reason this book is a timeless classic is because it analyzes all aspects of war from the standpoint of human nature, and makes a solid case that any endeavor that fails to take into account human nature is doomed to failure.  Because the subject is warfare, including its causes, and the analysis is solid, one is left with not only the first order result (how to handle a war situation effectively) but also a life changing understanding of the humbling constraints of human existence and the pragmatics of applied psychology.  Anyone who is bored by this book (and this particular one is excellent) is not yet ready to learn basic lessons about human existence.  Anyone who is capable of humility will be changed by this book.  It should be read by everyone, several times throughout life. YOU NEED TO READ THIS BOOK!!!Read it and then read it again and after that read it again. For all its simplicity, its messages can take some time to sink in and some people will need more time & perhaps need to read it over a few more times before they are able to see how Sun Tzu's wisdom can be applied to their lives/ situations. It's well worth the effort.There is a reason this book has been required reading at West Point for over 100 years, though it's strategies are applicable to an extremely wide range of challenges and struggles well beyond those faced by military leaders. I reread my copy often, especially when I am stumped by some problem, be it crucial or mundane, or when I am dealing with a particularly devastating or stressful life event. The majority of the passages are well worth meditating on, in doing so I have always been rewarded with the calmness and clarity that comes with the ability to finally make a confident decision on a course of action (even if that decision is that I don't actually need to do anything or even make a decision.)Anyone who reads this, reads it well, reads it with an open heart and an open mind, and puts some effort into thinking on what Sun Tzu says about leadership, strategy, morality and preparation, and so many other things and applying his wisdom to their own lives will absolutely become more successful, happier, more confident and more admired.I don't know if Sun Tzu intended this, but "The Art of War" is the best self-help book ever written. Get it. Read it. Apply it. Succeed. Conquer. Rule.Unless you want to be a miserable loser, in that case go watch Fox news and read Dean F. Koontz novels and forget about this review. The Art of War read less about the acts of war and more how to conduct ones self in life matters. UYes there are specific points of how to attack and from where, but by the time it is completed it felt more like is was giving life lessons as well. I thought it odd and inspiring in a way that the author could merge these thoughts rather the solely concentrate on how to kill your enemy. I'll be reading it again. Sun Tzu's 'The Art of War' is the best book ever written on earth. If I had a chance to read only one book in life, it would be The Art of War.Sun Tzu tels you how to crush your enemy but the book has deep  meanings far beyond the violent side of the war. It teaches strategy,  preparation, patience, timing, and basically the mind and the spirit of a  real strategist.The best thing in this book is that it is completely  transferable to many things in life: You can apply it to stock investments,  to management and to interpersonal relationships and so on.One last  thing as an example : Sun Tzu in some part of the book states the things  common in winning armies. In this list one of the items is "[the  winning army is] whose ranks are all animated by the same spirit".  Here is what they tell you in MBA programs, in organizational behaviour  courses : the importance of organizational culture. There are many others  to discover in this book.I recommend you read it and see how a book can  be so popular after 2500 years passed since it is written! I got this for my husband and he really enjoyed reading it. It is exactly what the title says it is. It's a classic and that is why my husband wanted it. The price on this book is great. It a nice binding for as inexpensive as it is. If you are looking for a short classic about ancient war strategies this book will fit that need.  I bought both books....the one here mentioned and the one I previously reviewed as his.It does not matter as both are the same type of writing...that of Sun Tzu....and extremely important for us Westerners to know about.To the Asian mind bent on war and winning: a  promise means nothing.  Winning is everything and the devious Asian mind has patience, has zeal, has a whole different set of values from that of the Westerner with our sense of "honor."  If we have given our word, a promise to what has been agreed, we feel "honorbound" to follow through on it.The Asian mind would not, for example, take time off in World War II for Christmas as a time not to fight.  The Asian mind would not comprehend this.If the goal is to win, ruthlessness is considered honorable.  Winning is what it is all about and the Japanese at the end of World War II are a good example.  Having "lost face" at that time, they turned to business, entrepreneur-ship, if you wish to call it something....and determine to "win the war of business."They succeeded immeasurably.  They started with textiles as the least costly materials (cotton) and cheap labor.  Once they acquired the capital, they put their money into developing transistors....remember the first transistor radios?Eventually even one with the name General Electric (if you looked inside, it said "Made in Japan."Next they used the capital gained from these world-wide sales to develop television sets.Next they went into the computer business.Somewhere in this mix they developed cars totally superior to our American planned-to-rust-out cars and no longer did our cars not start or fall apart in a short time.  We have only our American businessmen to thank for their poor quality and cutting corners in quality.The Art of War.......an invaluable read....by everyone.  Now.Nancy Morse This book is more like a piece of art than a book.  The pages are simply beautiful, the craftsmanship is outstanding. Few new things can be said about this milestone of human being thinking. 2.500 years ago, human being were surprisingly close to us nowadays. They  faced up the same threats and gut feelings. Read this book, learn from men  who had to face harsh situations and get lessons from them. Don't be  mislead by the title. Its points of views about the nature of human being  and the action courses derived from them are applicable to today's real  life (business and life). Nevertheless, do not read this book as a manual,  read it as a pleasure. Can you ask for something better?. A must read for anyone interested in warfare and how it is waged.  How battles are won and lost.  Highlights the importance of intelligence.  What Sunzi wrote so long ago holds true for today's warriors. This book is fantastic.  The quality is superb.  The cover of the book is almost like a thread-like material with a reflective sheen to it.  The book just screams for attention if it's just lying around, it would always catch the eyes of my guests as I had it laying about the house during my reading of it.  It has now since been put away in the bookshelves, but even still, if there's any amount of light it will make the spine glow as well.  The gold inlay is also very striking and also reflects a lot of light.The paper stock is very high quality as well.  With thick glossy pages, a nice easy to read bold font, and a built in thin black satin or nylon bookmark strap.  (I'm not sure of the actual material of the little bookmark strap, but it should give a visual.)The book itself is a very fast read.  I like all of the annotations from the other readers of the work, generals, and philosophers.  I also like the history lesson preceding the actual part of the book "The Art of War".I have never read any other versions or translations of this book, but I do think that this is a fine place to start.I think most people looking at this book probably know the general idea of what is contained inside, but it is a book about the strategies and philosophies of war.  Much can be extracted and applied to life situations today, even if you are not involved in a war.  There is a reason that the book remains so timeless and popular.I also recommend reading this book if you are into real time strategy games, such as Starcraft or Starcraft II, as this will improve your game.  In a situation like this then the book literally applies to what you are doing, which is waging war on your opponent with an army. Sunzi was renowned for his battle strategies and philosophies. His writing are among the classics of must read art of warfare around today regardless of how many thousands of years old it may be. This book provide readers with the understanding of war, how to attack and enemy and how to defeat an enemy. I am a warrior at heart and in practice I work in a field of enforcement so knowing my enemy and well as knowing myself is a real philosophy. Keep my friends close and my enemies closer another aspect of this war masters doctrine. This is a wonderful book, it is about so much more than war...it's really about life and people. I highly recommend it to anyone that deals with people, that want a new understanding of the world and how people fit within it. Written long before MBA programmes and graduate schools of management were formed, this book is often considered THE authority on managing people and competitive situations. Sun Tzu was a remarkably insightful man, who seems to have captured the psychology of combat and running a team. So many of the principles he espouses are applicable in civilian life that it is worth reading by anybody managing people. There are sections in the book that deal very specifically with fighting (especially the discussions on terrain), but many of the other chapters could replace the word 'army' with 'team' and the meaning would be the same. Whilst many of the lessons appear simplistic and obvious, experience tells us that sometimes common sense is not so common. Sometimes concepts need to be presented in a simplified fashion for their full power to be revealed. I think that any person either training to be a leader or is already one (military or civilian) should read this book and ponder it's meaning. When I first started reading this book, the translations were quite difficult to understand. I had to read quite a few sentences more than a few times because the grammar is quite odd. But Giles comments seem to really shed some light on what Sun Tzu is trying to say. The book also gives a lot of realistic examples from ancient Chinese history which help to make the book easier to understand. Some of the ideals placed in the book can be altered to fit normal life, and not just war. I pretty much plan on reading this a few dozen times so that the info sticks in my head. I have managed to wear out several printed copies of Sun Tzu over the years. While the book IS about war--about forming and implementing strategies, and drawn from real life experience, Sun Tzu's lessons can be applied effectively in any life situation involving 2 or more people--the more adversarial, the better LOL. Sun Tzu has stood by me through thick and thin--his sage advice has made a big difference in my personal approach to business deals, handling employees, dealing with various professionals from a subservient position--even dealing with pushy doctors and controlling ex spouses.Sun Tzu is about LIFE. Because like it or not, life isn't fair, it isn't always fun, and some times--you need to be able to be assertive without being aggressive, and you have to be willing to be adversarial to get what you need. This is a worthwhile read for ANYONE--both from an advice and tactics point of view, AND for the clarity of style, turn of phrase, and excellent use of metaphor. I have yet to run into a BAD translation of Tzu, and this one was no exception.  This book comprises two parts. One is a translation of what Sun Tzu wrote, together with some comments from Chinese generals who lived shortly after. These comments are explanations for what Sun Tzu meant. What Sun Tzu wrote were chapters that were a collection of points, each point a short piece of advice, which was usually a broad generality on one hand and a universal truth on another. As such, much of what he wrote, although essentially designed for Chinese infantry and chariots of the fourth century BC (or thereabouts), are in many ways just as applicable today.The second part is a description of what we know about the history of the period, and how Sun Tzu (if there were actually a Sun Tzu!) fitted into his time. What is given is very extensive; I do not know whether it is accurate because distant history usually involves some degree of interpretation, but the authors/compilers of the historical aspects appear to have covered most of the possibilities.There are two reasons for purchasing "The Art of War". The first is to obtain the text attributed to Sun Tzu, and assuming you wish to do this, any such book will probably do. The second is to obtain the auxiliary information, and for this I highly recommend this version.Ian Miller, author of Troubles. I want to tell future readers of this book in this way. I read it first when I was 14 or 15. I thought it was a book on how to smartly fight a war. Then I re-read it when I was 28 and it occurred to me that it may be an instruction book on how to navigate an honorable life. Years passed and I recently found it at the bottom of a box in my closet. I read it again at age 56. I realized it has more to offer. If you read this book, you will actively have to replace Sun Tzus' ancient terms and placement of hierarchy and apply them to modern situations and people. Family, bosses, neighbors, employees and the list goes on. It is my belief that this "manual" can help solve minor and major disruptions in life if used correctly. It is a book meant for good. This particular edition of Sun Tzu's Art of War is really excellent. It contains three separate copies of Sun Tzu's book:1. The original Chinese text (in modern simplified Chinese characters),2. A facing version of Lionel Giles' superb translation into English (without notes or comments) and3. The complete Giles Translation with an extensive introduction and notes throughout the text that provides detailed insight into the meaning and intentions of the text.Lionel Giles's translation is the gold standard for Sun Tzu. His deep understanding of ancient Chinese culture and his own roots in Western culture gave him a unique opportunity to bridge the gap and present native English speakers the opportunity to really understand and appreciate the mindset of this voice from antiquity.Of all the versions of Sun Tzu's book on the market, this one is undoubtedly the best. The scholarship and detail to attention of this edition pays the respect and gives the credit to the great work that it deserves. Other, abbreviated, versions of Sun Tzu's book have their place, but not for those who actually want to understand the lessons of history that have been passed down through the centuries. The meaning of the text, after 25 centuries, requires the perspective of an oriental scholar with Giles' credentials. It is unlikely that the bare English translation, without notes or commentary, can convey to a modern reader the real meaning and intentions of a 2,000 year old Chinese genius. I was pleasantly surprised, this book is beautiful. It came is a hard protective but also decorative box that the book can slide into and out. Great for displaying on a bookshelf or in a study. Font is largeish and crisp, easy to read. A War treatise written long ago by a Chinese strategist.  I'm reminded of that old saying, "The more things change, the more they stay the same!"This could serve as the text for a War College introductory military strategy course.  The recommendations are timeless.  I don't intend or expect to be called upon to lead a military strategy effort, but the fundamentals are applicable to many other fields of human competition  the thoughtful reader will find much in these ancient writings that can be applied to areas of human competition other than war The bonus, of course, is the insight the book offers into human competitions of ancient times ... Have three versions of this book and found this version to be the most interesting, precise and easily understood of them all. A Required Read for every adult American.This explains the attitude of the Asian mind.  All businessmen in Asian countries, and now in "Western" countries have recently been reading this book.One part that I recall as astonishing is where it is explained that you assure, you promise, you have spies, and you do whatever is necessary to win.  The Art of War is not playing.  IT IS TO WIN.  Thus, if you must make a promise and shake hands on it, a Western custom, you do so, and  have absolutely no intention of keeping a promise.  The Asian sense of honor is totally different.  It has to do with success.Bear this in mind.  Winning at all costs...that is what is regarded as honorable, not keeping your word.Nancy Morse I thought I was buying the actual book -- this is like a cliff notes version that I think I actually like betterWhat it does is basically summarize main topics and breaks them down into a few quotes from the "actual" book that convey the meaningI was actually using this book to help my poker game and it worked It is intriguing how many people think a treatise like this has to be some kind of mystical gateway to concealed knowledge and are disappointed to find it is simple - "like a child would write" some say. But "simplicity" is one of the "principles of war" taught to and memorized by EVERY officer in the armed forces.  The statement of the principle is: "Prepare clear, uncomplicated plans and concise orders to ensure thorough understanding."  Who wouldn't have thought of that if fighting a war? Those who think it has to be complicated certainly would.The "principles of war" adopted by American forces are all simple and all seemingly obvious.  There is a reason Sun Tzu has been studied by ALL great military minds for 2 and 1/2 millenia.  Clausewitz studied them.  So did MacArthur and Eisehower and Bradley and Rommel and Napoleon.  To see how simple the principles that govern every battle from the squad eliminating a machine gun to the invasion of Normandy, search for the "nine principles of war."  You'll be surprised when you see one of them is "mass" - you should have more troops at the decisive point than the other side.  Simple - but it leads to the concept of "force multiplier." I might have only 1,000 men to your 10,000 but if I have air superiority and tactical nuclear weapons while you don't, you will lose.  "Don't let yourself be surprised" is a principle memorized by combat leaders.The "Art of War" is just that - it's an "art" and must be learned.  The learning starts with understanding the principles that govern ALL warfare.  Once those principles are understood it's time to start getting specific.  But without the principles, specifics are meaningless and can be dangerous.The problems in Iraq and Afghanistan all stem from ignorance of the first, very simple principle of war that Colin Powell attempted to explain to the administration.  It is:  "Objective - Direct every military operation toward a clearly defined, decisive and attainable objective. The ultimate military purpose of war is the destruction of the enemy's ability to fight and will to fight."  After ten years, we finally realized we didn't know what we were trying to accomplish in Iraq. I've always wanted to read the Art of War, so I finally got myself this copy of this classic work.  The content is great and the binding is indeed unique and very high quality.  A required read for anyone into Martial Arts, chess, philosophy, military, or recreation, the English and Chinese add a sense of authenticity and antiquity and the simple chapters without an explanation offered by a scholar allows the imagination to determine it's own interpretation of Sun Tzu masterpiece. This guy was light years ahead of his time.His battles depended on mostly tactics based on what the weather conditions were, and what form of territory and environment you're in, and to ration your army's energy during a battle, and when to fight and when not to.  (It's a damn good thing that Hitler didn't do his homework on this.)And basically show that the rules of war is, was, and always will be, BS.His tactics are still put to good use even to this very day, thou it's original intention was for future wars, but it's put into practice for other means. For instance, football coaches, company managers, even the great Bobby Fisher took a  few tips from this guy's book.So in retrospect, technology and engineering may have completely obliterated the dynamics of the rules of war, but the art is still the same. I find Cleary's translation of this great classic to be true to the author's intended purpose, as well as bringing to light the thoughts of other classical Chinese authors.  I particularly enjoyed Cleary's  introduction to the text, which crystalized my own thoughts regarding  strategy in the face of conflict.  Including the interpretations of a  number of other classical thinkers, while ocassionally repititious also  illustrates to the reader the clear focus of Sun Tzu.  Over a period of  hundreds of years, this work has been read and translated and interpreted,  yet despite the differences in authors and in the times from which they  wrote, few disagreements over the meaning of the original are ever  disclosed.  For anyone needing a clear guide to approaching conflict at  whatever level, Cleary's translation of The Art of War is right on target For those who wants to have a deeper understanding about war, this ebook is suited for you because it has all the informations that will enable you to understand all the underlying principles about war. A wonderful and interesting read. Thanks for this! This book made my stepson very happy. It was just what he was looking for. At first he wanted the leather bound version available with another bookstore but decided he only wanted Sun Tzu's Art of War and not other earlier works by other authors that were included in the other book that was available. This selection made us both happy. When it comes to being prepared, you would be hard pressed to find more intelegence condensed in fewer pages or words. The Art of War is a must read for anyone who wants to be sucessful. You don't become sucessful by re-inventing the match, or the mouse trap. You become sucessful by immitating success; understanding the match, understanding the mouse trap, why something is sucessful and adapting those precepts to your endevors. Sun Tzu said it best; "the battle is won before the sword is drawn". That alone replaces my entire paragraph above and speaks volumes. Read this book, keep it, as I have as a reference source, and re-read it every few years. There are many useful examples of how more was accomplished with less. Read a sentence, a page, or a chapter and mull it over; you will be richer for the effort. The world belongs to the prepared mind. (Did I just quote the Boy Scouts?) No matter, I'm sure they quoted someone else. Good advice deserves repeating. Everybody in the world lies nowadays...weather by omission, by ignorance, or just by good ole' malice...Learn the art of strategy, equip yourself, and learn to read between the lines!  Advertisers that only sell you their good points, politicians who blatantly think they're gods, religious zealots who think their shirts in the closet have no stains...You get the idea.  "For-warned is for-armed!"  I hate war!!!  But with all the deceit in the world today this little gem of ancient wise strategic thinking is a must for any person alive!!!  Weather you fight wars or just want to plan for your personal protection from nosey people this is the first and most important read you will ever need to learn the art of holding the world at your strategic advantage. But I would recommend that you accompany it with the Tao Te Ching for humility's sake.  I personally consider this and the Tao Te Ching as survival essentials...even before food and water. The Art of War is an excellent little book packed with wisdom and insights into effective strategies to employ in conflict situations. This could be in conflict between nations or competition between business organisations or conflict between individuals. The book is a translation from an ancient Chinese classic written by an unknown warrior- philosopher.Sun Tzu's concepts are over two millenniums old but they are as relevant today as they have been throughout the ages. The book is studied in all continents, from Asia to America and from Australia to Africa in military command and staff colleges and business schools. The book teaches the art of invincibility by winning without fighting through mastery of politics, science and psychology of conflict.The philosophical foundations of this classic book are based on the spiritual tradition of Taoism, which is the origin of science, technology and psychology in the Far East. Taoism's view on power is that it should be tempered with respect for humanity.Permeating throughout the book or in Sun Tzu's philosophy is the basic concept that the ultimate effective and efficient strategy is to make conflict unnecessary. The greatest skill is to overcome other armies without fighting. According to Sun Tzu, the superior militarist foils enemies' plots. If this is not possible, then ruin enemy alliances. The next best strategy would be to attack the armed forces whilst the worst strategy is to besiege the enemy's cities. Hence the ideal strategy for winning without fighting achieves the most by doing the least.Therefore, clear understanding of conflict not only can lead to its resolution, but also to its possible avoidance altogether. Well how can I rate this classic war and life strategy book as anything less than it is?!?  Sun Tzu's The Art of War is a stunning ancient Chinese masterpiece outlining the strategies, forces, weapons, and methods one  should use to fight a war.  This timeless classic by one of China's  greatest military leaders is a must read for any student of wars, modern or  ancient.  Sun Tzu approaches the book through a series of chapters ranging  from diplomacy, to spies, to the use of fire in attacks.  Contained within  the chapters are a series of points that are layed out in order,  justifying, in sort, the way these things work.  The book is simple reading  and not very long at all, so I recommend it for just about anyone. Griffith does a great job with the translation and his introduction puts the book in context well, without being boring.  I found the in-line commentary to be a little distracting after the first read.  Griffith excerpts select quotes from some ancient Chinese commentators on the 13 Chapters and puts them right alongside Sun-Tzu's text.  While this certainly offers some interesting insight, it distracts one from just reading the text, which is what I want to do when I go back and read it again and again.  But it is easy enough to read around the comments (they are indented, and original text is in numbered verses), and worth it to get Griffith's translation.  Sun Tzu "The Art of War" was excellent. This book is a great book on strategy. Whether you command a nations army, war games or a moderen business. If the reader uses some of these war tactics and  strategies in the modern world, they may find it easy to relate. Thus it is  easy to relate to this book. Even rivals in sports and entertainment can be  outwitted by the wisdom in this book. It also adds examples of some  actions, which show how these sayings and writings apply to the real  world.So no matter what you were looking for in this book, whether it be  business, sports, war games, or actual wars, you can be sure to learn more  on how to best deal with the situation through the strategies in this  book.The book is timeless....and should be required reading for all  persons. The narration for Sun Tzu's Art of War by Tantor Abridged is excellent. It does more than justice to the original novel, and even provides side notes of interesting commentary by other historically significant characters (generals, warlords and others who have noted on the word of Sun Tzu) and even accounts of real battle applications. Definitely worth the price. I enjoyed every minute of this work, and even as a less-than-avid reader, it was a very enjoyable experience. I received my purchase on time and in the condition promised. I Really enjoyed it being an Audio book.Put it in my cd player and kicked back and listened to it unfold before me. I will buy more Audio books in the future. The content was very interesting. The Art of War was writen around 495 BC which goes to show the tactics of war has not changed in over 2500 years. It is a good book and needed if you are planning a career in Military or Law enforcement. It may even be a required read. Pretext: I will not be critiquing translations, I have no basis.This book is aesthetically A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. The binding is ribbon bound over its hard spine. The pages are thick and printed in the style of the Ming Dynasty where two pages are printed on one long sheet and folded backwards so that the result looks like double paged pages ( I am including pictures for better clarification). The words are clear, crisp and the opposite paged translations results in just a superb layout.I've seen other reviews voice concern about the order of the chapters, however, I am not aware if that is an issue in my version as the chapters are numbered in Chinese, so I just get to enjoy each chapter as it comes.To say I am pleased is an understatement. Thomas Cleary's 1988 edition was quite a breakthrough in its time. Readability is high and most of the vagueness of Sun Tzu clarified. Though some suggested that his translation is lacking, that opinion is incorrect.  Almost all of the words translated are accurate, although it sometimes  leans too much to the general reader. Its Taoist emphasis may not be  accurate.  The drawback to this rendering is the fact that it deleted  certain sections (probably due to relevancy), but nothing too important to  the overall understanding of the text. Sonshi.com I read this book in a few days and thought it to be very applicable to my work and an enjoyable read overall. The manor in witch Sun Tzu spoke was very interesting and insightful,almost peotic. The book is also very aesthetically pleasing as well. looks good on my shelf. Sound advice from an ancient General, one who lived long and served his Emperor well. Doubtless a scholar of the first order!I recommend it highly. Full of valid advice for current 'Generals.'Richard, SausalitoCalifornia I bought this and had it sent to someone who wanted to read it.  He said it was a very good read.  I like sending little gifts on just any day of the year.  Amazon makes that very easy for me.  I have their addresses saved and I just have to click and pay. The greatest book i have ever read about war. It is not only about war, but about self-examination. It is a grand -- a must read for anyone. I especially ask all CEOs to read this magnum opus. I would like to preface this review by saying that I read the translation by Samuel Griffin, with a foreward by BH Liddell Hart. There are quite a few translations of this work, so I thought I should clarify. This is the only version I have read, so I can not compare it to other versions, but I did enjoy the foreword and additional notes, as well as the commentaries by other scholars.I will admit that if I read only the Art of War, without the commentaries, my understanding of some of the phrases would be a bit muddled as Sun Tzu was sometimes very brief in his ideas, so having additional commentaries and some examples helped to illuminate the text. I also took the time to read the additional biographies, and the effects of Sun Tzu's work on Japanese military thought, so I will say that the version I read was rather illuminating. Some people wouldn't care for the extra stuff, but I found it helpful as an expansion on the original text.And what of the original text itself? Sun Tzu was quite correct in many aspects, and his wisdom is practical not just on the battlefield, but in relationships and the business arena, so it's no wonder that this book is such a classic.  I've found this book very useful in getting a better understanding of strategy games and how to play to win.  So much of this book can apply to these types of games, basically anyone who plays games with a hint of strategy could benefit from this book.  Of course it's all set in ancient times, so it takes some analysis to be able to apply the ideas to modern situations but it really helped me out.  I was never really amazing at strategy type games but reading this book and applying many of its concepts helped me win a tournament in a real time action strategy game tournament, as well as get to #2 on its leaderboards.  One thing it, along with other reading i've done, made me ruly realize and understand is that a win is a win no matter how you get there. If you want to win, then play to win and forget about making the honorable move.Of course this book has so many more uses than just to win games.  With the right understanding it can apply to many aspects of life, it only takes a little ingenuity to see the connections. this book is a steal i dont care about the negative reviews talking about editions and nitpicking and what notthis is a great price and also the best looking cover to any art of war book out theresimplistic and impactingvery appealing and at a very veryyy affordable pricei havent read it yet but i know what to expecti suggest buying it you really have nothing to lose Written centuries ago, this book is the general guide for every situation we will encounter in life; not only at war. In simple words it will show you why so many military campaigns have failed such as Vietnam or to be more current the war on the Middle East, which is drying our economy dry (besides the housing market crash). Actually, think of the Art of War, as the art of fighting everyday challenges and our personal wars and conflicts. Every person in the government, every teacher, every student, every household must read this book and keep it close as a reference whenever we don't know how to proceed with difficult decisions or challenges. This was my first read of The Art of War, and Idid it via Kindle.  I enjoyed it.  The volume reads rather quickly which was quite the surprise as I had always had this idea that The Art of War was quite the tome.  To really learn the strategies, one needs to read slow and consider the application.  However, I believe the first read should simply be a "read to read" with subsequent study devoted to tactical application. A fun read for meI am a history buffEasy to see how these ideas apply to current conflicts.  Seems like our politicians and military war fighters need to read and understand these concepts.  Excellent application to how we militarily won in Viet Nam but due to news coverage of the Tet offensive where North Vietnam suffered a crushing defeat but the news media convinced the US public we lost.Same thing happening over in the middle east now with the Obama Adminstration in my opinion.... This is a wonderful book, my son wants to be in the military and it helped him think about how they think about war. He had a hard time with the concepts at first but once he found the underlying meaning. he was able to read it with a breeze. Basic and Brilliant. About 70 pages. Small and thin. Took me less than 20-25 minutes to fully read. Has different strategies, laying plans, maneuvering, attack...Contains everything one could need to know about the 'Art of War'. Though I ended up finding the whole thing online but if you want the book then here it is, cheap. read it, read it again, then apply it to your everyday life. it will teach you when to engage in a debate and when to step away, and how to determine when to do this. How to pick your battles, and how to win, every time...even when you win, by choosing not to fight. (I own ISBN#1566192978)Of course, most of us Amazon.com visitors do not command an army. And most of us will never be involved in war. But this timeless writing is one of the greatest revelations of human nature, both to understand the individual as well as organizing people in numbers.I can see that many, many others have discovered "The Art of War," but whenever I pick it up and breeze through a few pages, I feel as though I'm reading secret information that only I am privy to. No one I know has even heard of this book, yet here I am, able to tap the resources of this work and have an advantage over everyone I come in contact with.I'd say everyone needs a copy in their library. A must have for any military historian/ military member. The Art of War is a series of short stories as recounted by Sun Tzu that are used to emphasis key lessons when in war.War is both an art and a science according to MCDP-1 Warfighting, This book is one of the references used by The US military in their current war publications.  With its clear graphics and its wonderful illustrations, this version of the Art of War adds the element of the various interpretations of the text, set up much in the way that the classic Talmudic texts read.  An important work in the history of military strategy and philosophy, this book has much to teach to anyone. William Shakespeare and Sun Tzu lived many centuries ago.  Yet, for us, they are as fresh and new as modern writers.  Their common thread is that of universality.  The former imbued his characters with the emotions of Everyman; human characteristics that remain constant throughout the ages.  The latter, a Chinese warrior general, understood the mind of his men, but more importantly, the mind of his enemy.Sun Tzu's approach to leading his army and conquering the enemy is valuable for us, too.  His tactics can be used in the business world, in family dynamics, in social settings, in schools, etc.As you read, think of any circumstances you would like to improve.  For example, at work you have someone who is competing with you for a promotion.  Your opponent has many strengths, but..."So in war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak,"- Sun Tzu.Take Sun Tzu's advice.  Use your ability to highlight your opponent's weaknesses.  If you do that, s/he won't be the 'stand-out' candidate any longer.Picture a social setting in which a bully or taunting person has the upper hand.  Sun Tzu said, ""To capture the enemy's entire army is better than to destroy it; to take intact a regiment, a company, or a squad is better than to destroy them. For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the supreme of excellence. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the supreme excellence."  Find a way to cultivate a friendship.  It will be better and easier than bringing down the individual.  What's more, you will be seen by others as being superior.I would put Sun Tzu and his wisdom against any modern advice writer of our times. Named for the mythical (?) and mystical kingdom in the East, Shambhala Publications is known for bringing some of the greatest and sometimes most obscure philosophical writings of Mankind to the attention of the general public. Heavily (though not exclusively) concerned with Buddhist and Taoist thought, Shambhala Pocket Classics are an attractive set of unabridged minibooks which fit comfortably in a shirt pocket, making them perfect for reading on planes, trains, and automobiles. Titles in the set include THE BOOK OF TEA, WAY OF THE JEWISH MYSTICS, ZEN FLESH, ZEN BONES, THE TIBETAN BOOK OF THE DEAD, TAO TE CHING, POEMS BY EMILY DICKINSON, THE ART OF PEACE, and this volume by Sun Tzu, THE ART OF WAR.Written around 600 BC in a war-ravaged China, Sun Tzu's brief classic addresses (in 13 brief chapters) each aspect of the art of war. This text is considered seminal and indispensable even today in military education. It is said (with justification proven over time) that a commander who follows Sun Tzu's dictates cannot be defeated, and every military defeat can be analyzed in terms of its failure to heed these dictates.These dictates are truly universal, and can be applied to social situations and business. There is a moderately long list of titles applying THE ART OF WAR to almost every human endeavor including dating, contract negotiation and business, real estate sales, and even cooking. just to name a few. The popularity of THE ART OF WAR as The Nasty Man's Bible of Social Dominance amongst the shark-eating human population has obscured Sun Tzu's primary thesis:  That the well-disposed leader need not engage in war at all to achieve his desired ends. Very well put together book.  You get the original translated Art Of War put into an easy to read Chapter/Verse format followed by a very useful and well written commentary.  Giles really did a great job of putting together a top notch book.A classic and must have for any collector. Written over 2.500 years ago this book continues to be victorious in time. There are obvious reasons for this. Applying philosophy on warfare to name one. Applying knowledge of human nature to achieve your goals to name another.  The fact that many people recommend this book on matters other than warfare is one more compliment to it.  Sun Tzu uses a mix of "know thy self"-"know your enemy"-"understand reality" to put together his philosophical thesis on war. It's a very indicative reading of Chinese philosophy indeed, as it is based on meticulous observation. Most of the Asian philosophies are based on the principle of "attention" and this evident on Sun Tzu's book as well.  The author goes into an array of detailed "instructions" which go beyond the surface and deal more with anticipation, with being ahead like one would in a chess game.  Strategy, cunning, fooling the opponent, anticipating disadvantageous situations, seeking favorable conditions and trying to create them, are all major themes of the "Art of war".  It has been claimed that at certain points the book becomes a tough cookie to swallow mainly because of the difference in midset between Asians and westerners but it is a very rewarding book in the end. It does apply in everyday life especially when one considers the hardcore competitive societies that we have the misfortune of living in today. I doubt the author wanted his book to be thought of in that way but that's another story.  Up there on the list of classic philosophy. Life handing you nothing but lemons? Need to get the upper-hand? Eager to learn how to walk that fine line that makes the difference between winning or losing? Then this is the book to read! Want to learn how to always come out on top--no fuss--no muss? Then READ THIS BOOK!  The "Art Of War" is a how-to-manual for difficult situations. Learn how to handle a situation without the situation handling you---learn how to handle a "situation" correctly. The wisdom in this book is solid, reliable--and---it works! You can apply the advice and wisdom in this book to so many dynamics in your life. So  much in life depends on success...............in fact what doesn't? Here's the how-to-manual. A bargain at any price. A wise investment, indeed. I'm giving it the thumbs-up! Although Karl von Clausewitz stated that war is an extension of politics, Sun Tzu imparted that wisdom hundreds of years before.  As a result, his book embellishes on politics and human behavior as much as strategy and warfare.  Students and enthusiasts of political science, strategy, the humanities or military affairs will appreciate the wisdom embodied in Samuel Griffin's elaboration of Sun Tzu's timeless work.  As Sun Tzu impresses throughout the book, "the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting."Politicians and pundits would do well to heed the acumen found within the pages of The Art of War.  In the foreword B. H. Liddell Hart, the famous British military strategist, highlights Sun Tzu's warning that "there has never been a protracted war from which a country has benefited."  Hart also describes the prose as embodying realism and moderation beyond that of Clausewitz, with a constant emphasis on doing the unexpected and pursuing the indirect approach.Sun Tzu's wisdom presents an opportunity for enlightenment to any that peruse the book.  Students of politics, strategy or human behavior will find a wealth of knowledge within its pages.  It proves especially beneficial and timely for those policy makers and military analysts currently engaged in the war on terrorism.  The terrorists and their accomplices surely will continue trying to use the indirect approach.  Our leaders would do well to understand and apply the same principles.I highly recommend this book for everyone with an interest in politics or military affairs. Sun Tzu present war as philosophical mindset.  In his book, he gives rules  and paradigms to follow to successfully outwit your enemy.  The true beauty  of this book is despite its technicality, guidelines and martial intent, it  teaches the reader self control, discipline, and peace of mind.  Despite  its age, the wisdom still holds today, "Know your enemy, and know  yourself and you will win 1000 battles before you lose even one".  Its  a shame most of us don't read Chinese because we will never know how this  or any other version holds up to the original text. The Art of War by Sun Tzu is an ancient Chinese military treatise. The book, a classic within the science of military studies is only attributed to the high ranking general and was believed to have been complies during the last spring and autumn of the Warring States period(either 476 BC or 453 BC).I first heard of The Art of War by Sun Tzu when I was in the military. I heard of the book in passing and read a bit more about it when I got home, but never picked up a copy until several years later.The first thing which struck me was how short the book was, but the more I read, the more I realized the wisdom behind the book. The second, third, forth and more I read this book I stopped for contemplation about what Sun Tzu's words mean to me, how I implemented his advice both in the military and outside of it and the mistakes I made, how can I learn from them and if I will repreat them again.But The Art of War is more than just about war. The book is about every struggle or confrontation, whether external or internal. I can certainly see how the advice applies to ancient warfare, but when analyzed, the book can apply to politics, business and more.Sun Tzu understood, as any great leader/manager that the leaders set the tone and spends much of the book discussing those qualities. This is true in any organization, the sergeants will treat the soldiers the way the platoon leader treats them, who treat the sergeants the way the captains treat them, etc. Middle management will treat their employees the way upper management treats them - so simple, yet so profound.However, the part that really struck home, for me, was when Sun Tzu speaks about knowing yourself and your enemy.  "So it is said that if you know others and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles; if you do not know others but know yourself, you win one and lose one; if you do not know others and do not know yourself, you will be imperiled in every single battle."Profound advice from a great general - one does not go into any competition without knowing the opponents. Athletes do not step onto the field without spending house analyzing every available movie showing their opponents at play and generals dissect enemy strategies to tiny details before forming their own. This material must be repeatedly read in order to absorb its full impact.  Premises of The Art of War were violated over and over by the Bush administration and our Army.  I once understood that our military schools of war at one time studied this material...... Now, I guess not!  I will only rate the presentation of the book at this time. I just received the book from Amazon, and haven't yet read it (which is why I ordered it, along with the 4-disc CD version to listen to in the car on my way in to the office).I can tell you right now, based on its incredible presentation, it will be a collector's item.As a book collector, I was stunned at the superb quality of this book in every respect. There is no slipcase and its hardcover is covered in a fabric of the deepest and most ethereal royal red with a silk sheen. The metallic cover detailing is stunning. The paper throughout is the highest quality with a generous heavy archival weight. Outstanding images and photos are generously distributed throughout, with the highest quality color and resolution. There are garnishes of color in the type in the headers, and the print appears almost raised, jumping out at the reader on pure white paper, so easy to read! Anyone would love to have this in their library!I just noticed Niccolo Machiavelli's "The Prince on The Art of Power: The New Illustrated Edition of the Renaissance Masterpiece on Leadership" received a similar review, and decided to check the publisher. Sure enough, it's the same publisher Duncan Baird! The quality is on par with Taschen, and if you love the look and feel of books, this will awe you. I will definitely start searching for other titles by this publisher. This Barnes and Noble compilation of The Art of War classic is really wonderfully done. The front half offers just the interpreted original text, while the back repeats the original text with added commentary. I absolutely loved the commentary, as it was excerpts or quotes from other world leaders and military geniuses. The commentary added a lot of breadth to the already rich history of The Art of War.This book is a lot smaller than I thought, though it has a lot of pages. It can fit in a small purse. Great insights on strategy for business and life.  There are tidbits of practical lessons that apply to various aspects of our lives today.  Not everything will appear so useful at first, but at different times, referencing this book can leave you to revelations on how to tackle different challenges in your life.  Keep it on the book shelf and read it once in a while. There are works that you must read or cannot consider yourself as educated.  this is one of those authors who has been translated many times into almost every language, so weather this translation or others, the author Sun Tzu or Sunzi, however you pronounce the ideogram;  produced in a few chapters one of the seminal works on conflict and one of the oldest works on the subject that is as relevant today as it was when it was written. While this is a treaties, and not a novel like the Amazon prompts treats it; it should be said that Sunzi or Tsun Zu depending on the translation, is an extremely complex and pragmatic writer. His views on war influenced all the great leaders of the last 300 years and I would wager that it would be the last 1000 years (but I couldn't prove it). Written in approximately 470 BC, The Art of War is a Taoist treatise on martial and political philosophy ... one of the most famous ever written, and one of the most often quoted. The fact that it is still popular and well quoted, after more than 2,000 years, should say something about its timeless qualities.It's composed as a list of terse, keen and ingenious observations, sayings, and maxims ... with various translators over the centuries each adding their own interpretations and commentary. There's something on almost every topic ... from siege planning, use of formations & maneuvering, the virtues of adaptability and cunning, speed, the use of positioning & terrain, disinformation and the use of spies, etc.The author's advice spans both low level tactics ["do not stop an army on its way home" {Brad: because they'll be more likely to fight to the death} ... "a surrounded army must be given a way out" {Brad: channel their retreat into a killing zone of your own creation}] ... and high level strategic thinking ["a superior militarist foils enemy plots without the need to fight; the next best {strategy} is to ruin their alliances; next {best strategy} after that is to attack their armed forces; worst {strategy} is to beseige their cities"]It's required reading at many military colleges around the world. I just got this today and the book came on time.This is the one of the best The Art of War book edition. Cover  was made with a very detailed design and quality. Plus it is very cheap!You can learn a lot of things about this book. This is a must  have book for eveyone. This is considered a long time classic.  Rightfully so.  It is a book with many interpretations and you will take away the ones you see as useful to your situation.  That being said more of the concepts may apply.  Sun Tzu wrote this book about matters he considered serious so even being a short book by today's standards it applies to important matters (it is read and studied a most major military higher training facilities the world over.)  The applications are not just military but can be applied to any situation where there is a conflict between two entities. The is a beautiful edition of an important book on strategy- one that is used today for corporate sales  and structure design- all to great advantage. Truly the wisdom of the ages!  The binding and page weight/gloss on this version are both outstanding and something that will also stand the test of time. Sun Tzu's maxims and insights are timeless.  Centuries after it was written, The Art of War is required reading for warriors and still taught as part of the central curriculum at military academies around the world.  The insights are timeless, on point, focused, and delivered with a no-nonsense clarity that translates to tactical and operational success.  It is a must read for any serious student of warfare and history, for every soldier, and for those that wish to understand them.  Sweet book.  I collect the easton press books and when they came out with this version, I considered buying it.  But found this on Amazon, and saved hundreds and got a beautiful book with the asian accents and characteristics that are exactly in the easton press version (I thinks it's a bit smaller than theirs, but this is a nice book!) Fantastic book, great for military history buffs as well as people looking for a little advice on how to take control of your life and strategically plan the life ahead of you. I recommend this to many people and have personally given many copies as gifts. Could use a little help with the translation-some simple little English mistakes in this version, but the elements of the book came through and were clear, and they are so, so valuable even in just figuring out how to navigate the modern world!  Great stuff! Very nice paper, clear large font, and nice spacing of text. Very easy to read.The actual content makes perfect sense and is easy to remember, partially, I think, because of how it is presented. This book is beautiful! I haven't read it all yet, but just on the binding alone it's worth a high rating.There is red string that lines the binding and there are Chinese translations on the back of each page.So far I've read some simple and insightful passages that can certainly be applied to everyday life. I definitely recommend. The version of the book I bought is a interestingly bound hard copy. The pages are doubled up with one side in Chinese and the other side translated English.  I liked the book so much, I bought two additional copies I plan on giving as gifts.  This is a great coffee table book to have out and a conversation piece. I am a military child and read this book regularly I look at Sun Tzo's the art of war a phenomenal book of war tactics and view him as one of the greatest Generals of war on my list he's right up there with General Patton Many of you might be thinking, "Why in the world would I need an ancient Chinese Military Classic on my bookshelf?"When a friend of mine suggested that I purchase this book, I asked myself that exact question. None-the-less I purchased the book and almost 100 pages later (because the entire book is just about 100 pages) I understood exactly why he had suggested it.This treatise has applications reaching far beyond battle field ethics and strategy. For me, replacing the word "enemy" with "opponent" converts the book into a strategical synopsis for the field of sport. Sun Tzu lays out the ways and means to manage teams of people in straight forward simple language. This application reaches into politics, business, sport, and any managerial position.I highly recommend this short, but critical read to anyone in a position of people management. This book will make you think about the strategies that you use in the command posts of your life. Read it, apply it metaphorically to your everyday life and DOMINATE. If you live a competitive lifestyle with an open mind that can bridge gaps...this book is for you...again....read it...and again...read it....again and again and again (it's a quick read(s)) I got and read the book after watching History Channel's Program narrated by Canadian Professor Richard Gabriel and found it fascinating and had to read the book. This book was everything Gabriel said it would be.  Great delivery, would recommend the seller on this point.  Condition of the book was oh so pleasing. Love the binding, the pages are simply superb. This book is one of those that you will use over and over again. The wisdom within are timeless and priceless.  This should be foundational material for every undergraduate. I can see why this has stood the test of time. This book is beautiful with the illustrations, placed to interrupt reading and almost provoke introspection.  The introduction is also enjoyable, as it frames a good context entering the material.  If you're trying, "The Art of War" for the first time, I recommend this copy. This book is a well documented review of the subject.  Author goes to great lengths to research and verify as much as he could for this subject of over 2000 years old. If you are in politics, business or the military you will find the thoughts of General Sun Tzu quite enlightening and useful in strategy and tactics.  The unfortunate thing for military folks is that "civilians" and generals in a building thousands of miles away from the danger have far too much say in the actions on the battlefield and reveal that they obviously have no knowledge of General Tzu's teachings, which if employed could save lives and shorten wars. A quick and easy read at a reasonable price. I can't tell you how frequently I lost upwards of 100,000 men in battle, that is, until I read this book. I was frequently losing men to fatigue, and simply not controlling my army effectively. After purchasing, my victory rate has increased significantly, and I am a much more trained war general. Very good day-to-day read for prospective buyers who control armies. Great book,  I will complete my plans for world domination soon.  Allegedly the us armed forces still read this short book to give thought on the truth of how real war works.  Was also an entertaining read. This is the book people leaving the comfort of home to go into the real world.  This book is where military and industry management education begins the world over.Redundant but also if you read about the time frame and the history of that part of the world you will see how well the idea works.This book illustrates how going forward is done if getting the job done is all that matters.  If you also read books on world leaders and military leaders you will see how they applied the process. A very good book and a great translation of this amazing strategy guide for life and business. The artwork is magnificent and the printing was very nice and vivid. Would definitely recommend this 10/10. Every day of our lives, when we have issues in our works, duties , homes, school, or wherever, you can go to these wise pages that would give you the key to face your problems, and concerns whatever they are. With a different meaning, this book has been translated into every modern language and has been helpful to many business strategies in the whole world.In this edition we can also read the introdution of Thomas Cleary who explains us the real meaning and a little biography of those generals who explain what Tsu's trying to say. This is not just only an interesting book for what it says, what it makes it more interesting are the higlighted pages , images, photos, sculptures and paints of the old China inmortalized in this beautiful edition.This is simply the best edition ever made of this mythical book. Thanks to this baby I have everything I need to wage war on my opponents in the corporate jungle. That part about working around insurance rate changes, PE ratios, and how to slaughter the inflation effect on your bonds was stellar! Thank you Sunzi - you've change my life.  I missed this book in high school and college and it was recommended to me by a friend who could not believe I had not read it.  First published in 1963, translated from Chinese, it was for for military strategists in ancient China but is applicable for business people today.  It shows how to get ahead of the competition.  Life is like war so why not learn the tactical principles for resolving conflicts, planning and conduct, understanding and examining the manuevers relevant to economic, political, and psychological factors related to work and general life. The Art Of War is a short but brilliant piece of Tao-inspired literature. While this book is about war, it is also about more than war. It's more a book about logic and decision-making and sociology. Fascinating. Brief, interesting read!Every politician and business and military leader should give this work consideration.If I could, I would send a copy to the White House.I doubt it would be read though. I bought this for the kindle app. It was free.  I had read it once before in paperback form and loved it.  It seems to be better than I remember it from 10 years before. I think this should be required reading for everyone, at least once. Sun Tzu realized that war, 'a matter of vital importance to the State', demanded study and analysis; his is the first known attempt to formulate a rational basis for the planning and conduct of military operations.  Unlike most Greek and Roman writers, Sun Tzu was not primarily interested in the elaboration of involved strategems or in superficial and transitory techniques.  His prupose was to develop a systematic treatise to guide rulers and generals in the intelligent prosecution of successful war.  He believed that the skillful strategist should be able to subdue the enemy's army without engaging it, to take his cities without laying seige to them, and to overthrow his State without bloodying swords.  Superb.  Without hesitation or reservation five stars! The Art of War was shared with me by my Dad many years ago, and I continue to find new bits of wisdom and perspective every time I read it. This book has helped guide my leadership decisions and has given confidence to my conflict resolution abilities. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about leadership wisdom. A great addition to my library - nicely bound, timeless work. Having the Chinese text alongside the translation (straight forward) and footnotes is a nice touch. Bought one for a gift and another for myself. This ancient classic is a powerful read to survive in the modern work.  It will help to win in the world of business, politics and personal affairs.  It is so be-loved that it was taught in West Point and during the first Gulf War, Sun Tzu's tactics were employed for a quick and decisive victory as every JG I Joe had a copy of this book.Do the Pentagon Brass forget this important book in the long stay in Iraq and Afghanistan?  Reading and learning from this ancient Chinese will help achieve peace around the world! Great read didn't get first 3x I read but when actually get into to it it makes sense and is awesome must read. Either this paper pack or that hard copy which like a bible has all kinda books written inside and hard copy well over 1000 pages easily huge wanna good read get that one like $60-$80 worth then read paper back explains the art and paper breaks it down like dummies for the art of war I'm disabled long and short term memory y had read. So much. But I retained it finally well most part. But if not into all that reading which I've had over a ur and not even half way done get paper back it maybe 100or so pages. Easy read. Took me an 1-1/2 to read and I don't really read so easy to read over and over so I can remember it. Something everyone needs to read regardless of life job or religion. Love it so simply written and when you think about it, or at least me, it applies to so many things in our life, such as how a company uses these to saperate employees, devided your enemy if they are larger and stronger then you, you will win.  If strategy  and tactics are interesting to you ... read this bookA brilliantly simplistic book for military tactics.Reading this and then looking at how the military operates makes it clear why we don't win. I had heard of the book for decades, but as part of a political strategy group was required to read it.  While I strongly believe in the virtues and power of Love and Forgiveness, in nearly every endeavour it is important to know whom you may be working for or against.  In politics, being prepared and understanding your opponents weaknesses is vital.  This is a short book and packed with wisdom. It is interesting to note that all of the readers see this as a text on war, and how to beat your enemies.  The first part of the book should be a leson to all of the war-mongers out there, that is If You Go To War You Have Already Lost.  The consequences to your own people and soldiers and even the land must be counted for years after the battle is done.  Sun-Tzu explains this well, and proceeds to explain how to wage a war causing the minimum amount of damage and suffering. This is a little book I love, while some it is changed by the logistics of our modern flight-based world of today, the gist of it right to the point is that every time we ignored the most basic advice in this book, we lost or backed out of a war that we failed to understand why the other side fought so hard for, such as the Vietnam war, where North Vietnam's General Giap and the Vietcong used a very successful 'Go' strategy while we lost the war by not understanding the strategy of the enemy, attempted to use a chess strategy, to our detriment.('Go' is a game where you occupy the most territory with the least number of pieces, in chess you occupy the most territory with the most pieces with the sole objective being to capture the King.) You will find much to contemplate in reading this book if you like to think, and you value freedom, democracy, liberty and the responsibility of keeping and maintaining that democracy as the flip-side of liberty. Freedom/Responsibility go hand in hand to those who want to keep this experiment in democracy we love so dearly. Quick to read and gives tons of ideas in any way shape or form. I used it to expand my strategies in business and it gave me so many ideas as to how to take down competition and win over others business. Nothing but excellence can come from this book! There is so much interesting information in this small book, and it is such a good guide to strategy. The strategies can be extrapolated to help in problem-solving, although we are not always at war, of course. It is a great thought-provoking text fordealing with difficult situations and finding out-of-the-box solutions. It encourages creative solutions. to overcome theose who seek to destroy you, one must first understand their ideology and intent, and then refrain from getting mired by fear in a 'normalcy bias' when they say they are committed to kill you. I first read this as a library book as I did some research for an RPG character. I was fascinated by it and always wanted my own copy. I finally got one and it's STILL as fascinating to me as it was originally. I enjoyed the book so much I bought the pocket version for a back up and to give out as gifts to people I mentor.I was told that this book is popular with the business world; I found this true, because everyone who saw it in my office commented on it.One was taken from my office and later I found it in one of my subordinate's office. I did not have my name in it so couldn't say without any doubt that it was mine so place your name or mark inside. War is not really based on honor... or glory, or even whose right. It's all about conditions, who has the advantage and how to dishearten your opponents while making sure your own resources are protected. It tells you what to look for through hundreds of various quotes and snippets of advice. This book was not entirely by Sun Tzu, but a collection of famous tacticians through-out history. Each seem to add another element to the concept of how to win in conflict.In life, you can see a little of this in each day... but just remember not too get too carried away. After all, even Sun Tzu himself said 'A battle not fought, is a battle won.' For broadening your perspective, I'd suggest adding this book to your collection as well as 'Open Your Mind, Open Your Life: A Little Book of Eastern Wisdom' by Taro Gold.  The Art of War by SUN TZU is not fiction.  It's a Confucianist take on waging and winning wars (and business). It is important to compare this Eastern view of warfare with the western view as defined in The Prince and many subsequent titles.The heart of Sun Tzu's thought is "All warfare is based on deception. Thus, when able to attack, we must seem unable. Hold out bait to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is quick to anger, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant."Any football play has all kinds of people running around trying to fake the opposing team to going where the ball isn't.Perhaps the best strategic use of the principles was Ronald Reagon's Star Wars proposal. No one knew if it would work. But if it had, there was no way the Soviet Union could possibly have countered it. They didn't have the computer systems, and because of their closed society they didn't have the young kid genius programmers that we've developed in this country. Although there was an awful lot of complaining about Star Wars in the academic community in this country, it ended the cold war without a shot being fired. This book is a classic. That may be a strange way to put it, but it's true. The amount of information, mostly philosophical and ideological, is magnificent (There is literal information, like how big an army should be and whatnot, but its not so relevant in this century). The book itself is a little odd, specifically it's shape. At least this version of the book is wider on the bottom than the top. All in all, I am very happy with my purchase. This is a great read, and I am surprised it isn't required reading in schools. Can provide great outlooks on life, Decision making, and leadership. A timeless classic that I hope stays with us forever. Sun Tzu and "The Art of War," is a must read for any person who battles. If you know someone you call friend who has not read "The Art of War." it is your duty to get them a copy of the book.There is more to a fight than the fist or weapon. It all starts in the mind of one or more beings. An ancient lesson; uncontrolled anger against a real or imagined enemy is what will destroy us long before the foe. This book explains the art of war. Office politics can be war. If you must use the tactics in this book be warned you tread on dangerous ground that can end your career but if there is no other option, this book is your guide to destroy your enemies. Be warned, following this books advice is really hard! hey all you preppers and survivalists.  this is a good book to read so you will understand more about war and battles.  it has good information with all the short sayings from sun tzu one of the greatest warrior generals of ancient china There are several ways to be strategic despite the cause. It has a lot to do with the mental and physical aspect of being especially whenever coming up against any type of opposition. The Art of War is positioned in sections: Strategic Assessments, Doing Battle, Planning a Siege and Adaptations which makes the information easy to digest and navigate through. Additionally, to hear from the various Masters and leaders that are experts in the field give their take on each strategies was truly rewarding and eye-opening.I truly enjoyed this book because it showed me some of ways in which military teams such as the Marines, Special Ops and SWAT use and process strategies when working on or completing a mission.  Even as I progressed halfway through the book the nuggets that I acquired was helpful in helping me to negotiate some deals.  Yes these strategies were helpful even in negotiating.The Art of War taught me how to view, learn and assess various types of strategies and develop a plan of action.  Also, it shows that ancient wisdom is prevalent whether it was centuries ago or now.  We can learn a lot from other cultures and traditions that we may not have otherwise considered.Highly Recommended. I am a high school science teacher. After reading this volume of The Art of War twice over two years, I realized that my teaching employs Sun Tzu's techniques. First and foremost, when you go to war, both sides have already lost. I have looked at other volumes and I'm sure they have their positives, but for the average Jane or Joe who wants the essence of Sun Tzu this is the volume. I have given away dozens of copies to various students over the years that I buy used online. I also sell my honey and produce at a local farmer's market. I tell my students that business is legalized warfare. Again, Sun Tzu is there to give tips on product competition, pricing and grower reputation. James Clavell was brilliant in this edition of a centuries popular text. It's not only about strategy of war. We can all these things easy translate into our business situation. That's the most important part of a good book about strategy.The book is very practical and easy to read. My point of view is, that Sun Tzu describes perfect all strategic actions, what could be easy implemented by any people of the earth. It does not depend, where you live (on which region or country), what you are (man or woman) or how old you are. You can all his advice's translate into your situation and I am 100% assured, that you will succeed in your actions. This is a review of this specific version of the book, not the content itself.The cover is beautiful, and the book is great quality.If you are looking for a legit copy of The Art of War, buy this one now.  