I love it here. This is old school New York, not the Plaza or some upper East Side bitch-princess laden spa. It's clean, it's sanitary, and it is what it is; a bath house. I pray to GOD that no weasel-y millennial gets their way and turns it into another strip mall special, with no character or soul. I feel and look great when I leave here, that's all that it's supposed to do! Come, enjoy. As for the price, it is what it is. No one says you have to go. If it seems too much for the non-spa experience, by all means, a trip to a place like this is meant to relax you, you should get what you want. I'm firm believer in that. Just don't come expecting one thing and getting pissed off because its not that. research and chose what you like! Be well and healthy, yelp readers, and get what you want!
Awesome, old school bath house.  Hang out, sit in a super hot room until you can't stand it.  Then head up stairs and grab a beer and cool off on the roof deck.  I came here on a weekday and it was awesome and super relaxing way to spend the afternoon.  Come on down and bake your troubles away in the 200 degree 'russian room'.
I have been coming here for years, both to this location and the Miami Beach Location. After trying every single spa in NYC , Russian & Turkish bath will always and had always been my number #1. They are the real deal! Super hot rooms, relaxed atmosphere, you leave feeling refreshed! The treatments are amazing!  Thank you for being in NYC !
An NYC treasure. The Russian Room is worth the price of admission alone, the radiant heat penetrates your whole body and leave you in a state of nirvana. If you are uptight about facilities and staff being "nice" don't come here, you are not wanted in the first place.
Excellent place to relax away the stresses of the city.   On occasion some people make it uncomfortable for others.  Not a 'discriminatory thing' but rather a 'time and a place' kinda thing.
I like this place.  It's cold as a bastard outside tight now. I'm in my way there to meet the boys and can't wait to sweat then nail a big ass Russian beer.  Askeddit.
I've been a regular patron of The 10th Street Baths for over 20 years now.  This place is a NYC treasure.  Just like the Empire State building it's a NYC landmark........it's one of the place that makes New York unique and great.

New York City is about culture.  People from all over the world bringing the BEST their country has to NYC to make this city GREAT.  

I'm a Boris guy.  If you know the history of The Baths you know what I mean.  If you don't I'll help you out........GO ON BORIS'S WEEK!  I love Boris, he's the coolest.  My man's got SWAG!  He treats everyone like family and makes your time there a wonderful experience.  On top of this the staff on Boris's week is ONLY THERE DURING HIS WEEK.  That brings me to MY MAIN MAN..........ALEKSANDER!!!!!!!!!!!

This guy is hands down the best masseuse in NYC.  There is no competition.........he's hands down #1 but he's only there on Boris's week.  In addition to being the #1 massage therapist in the city he gives the best platza in the world!  As "Scarface" said  "WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE HIM"

I've lifted weights and played all sports my whole life, including Division 1 college football.  Over the last 5 years my shoulders have become increasingly tight to the point where I couldn't lift my arms directly overhead or put my hand behind my back past my butt.  I was having problems sleeping and couldn't do anything in the gym requiring shoulder mobility without any pain.  It was becoming truly depressing.

I've been seeing Aleksander now for about 6 months to address these issues.  I can now lift my arms far behind my head and can touch the clavicle on both side with either hand reaching up from behind my back. He's saved my shoulders, my gym life and increased my overall health and well-being.  

You're crazy if you don't treat your body to a day at the 10th street Baths every other week during Boris's week.  

Aleksander is UNBELIEVEABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You owe it to yourself to let him work on your body.  It's like putting gas in your car and changing the oil, tires and battery on a regular schedule.  He specializes in shoulders but is expert in all parts of the body.  I told him my hip was tight on Saturday and today it's 100% better!!!!!!!!!!  This is no B.S. this guy is the real deal...........if you don't check him out..........you just don't love yourself..........or you're stupid or crazy :)

Trust me.....go for it!  And remember............GO ON BORIS'S WEEK!

Sincerely,
Rambo
A bit pricey no frills all fun.Flippers are huge but  go for the salt scrub and oak leaves I wish it lasted longer for the $100. Its great for couples I'm giving 5 stars for the late summer, we went out to the open deck after our scrub and diped  and sat under the stars it was wonderful. I can't say a word about anything else people were friendly and I loved the no frills in contrast to spas I visited over the year.
The Russian tells you to lie down. He tells you not to touch the wall. His expression doesn't change. It's so hot that breathing is difficult, and it's a strange kind of relief when he throws the towel over your head and face. He's just doused it in freezing water but within seconds it's heated through. That's when the Russian gets to work.

Later he beckons you out of the pool with the surety of a conqueror. You toddle up the stairs to meet him. The towel goes over your head again, and when he removes it you are nose to nose and his eyes are ice blue and suddenly his face crinkles in a brief smile and it is more intimate than any sex act. You drift over to a bench. It's that instant - you know the one - where reality slides away and everything is liquid. You are no longer corporeal, and you are entirely corporeal. Jean comes along and entire civilisations rise and fall in the time it takes you to lift your head a fraction to meet his gaze. He laughs with genuine delight and gives you a high-five. "I wish you could see your face right now!"

***

I first came here in 2013 along with one of the roommates of my Airbnb host; she was a Somali girl, a stone fox, and the guy who brought us was clearly interested in her. I forget how she knew him. As part of his seduction mechanism he paid our admission, and he paid for us to have the platza. This is where you're led into a dark room with stone walls and a furnace, the hottest room of your life; and you're laid out on a bench and then soaped up and soaped down and more or less beaten with an oak branch while being stretched and manipulated every which way in front of disinterested onlookers who periodically wander over to a well and douse themselves in cold water. Afterwards you're strongly encouraged to take a dip in a freezing pool. It was overall kind of terrifying, like something from Dante - or more accurately what I imagine Dante is like - and I honestly thought I might suffocate under my soapy face towel; and yet the following year when I was back in the city I brought a mate here and impassively watched her have the exact same experience complete with fear of death. When it was my turn I was way more relaxed about it, because I knew what to expect. Viktor, our masseuse, seemed amused by us. ("Are you dead?" he asked my friend at one point. "Yes," she told him.) It is basically the best thing you can do for yourself; afterwards you will feel more relaxed than you've felt in your whole life, and you'll only want to eat clean and never again pollute your body with things like burgers and fries and hot fudge sundaes; and you'll want to work out 24/7 so you can rock a bikini at the bathhouse and not care. I hadn't packed a bikini so my airbnb host dinked me up Broadway on the handlebars of his cruiser so that I could buy one from H&M. New York City, man.

Somewhere along the way I was told that the business is co-owned by two Russian families who years ago had a falling out, and rather than sell the business they alternate weeks managing it. Admissions are only valid during weeks where the business is run by the family whom you made the purchase from. At reception you'll be given a lock and key, and the number will correspond to a locker but this system isn't heaps obvious when you're a rookie and you're bound to mess up and pick any old locker to begin with. It seems like the dodgiest place on the planet, and in the changing/locker room it feels like the walls are made of bedsheets and you better be comfortable getting stark naked in front of other people of your sex, but I can guarantee that it's legit. If you don't want the platza (but seriously, have the platza) you can just enjoy the regular sauna and steam rooms, which are various degrees of hot. It will rank as one of the more interesting experiences you can have in a city of interesting experiences.
I had a massage, salt scrub, and mud treatment from Sasha and must say it is one of the best treatments I've ever had. He is truly talented. I also tried the oak tree treatment with Alex and that was intense and exhilarating. I loved it!
The facilities are a little rough around the edges would be my only complaint.
A true establishment. I hope one day Boris and David can get over their disagreements and run the business together. The alternating weeks makes little sense for a 5 pass. beyond that, the baths are great.
Honesty one of my favorite places to go in Manhattan. A friend turned me on to it and I was hooked and I try to go at least twice per month. It is especially amazing in the winter when the streets are frozen and windy. 

Yes it may not be as clean as a hotel spa or fancy bath house, but this place does exactly what it claims to do. The heat is incredibly healing and combined sauna heat with dips in the freezing water of the cold pool in the middle of the chamber is very good for healing sore muscles and spirit. zoning out in the heat and ignoring everyone else there. But I actually encourage you to go with friends during the busy hours. It is good to have someone to talk to when there are a lot of people there with the noise of their conversations. 

Yes it can get very crowded and the service is pretty bad and there can be a long line to get in , especially on friday nights. and Yes it is wet downstairs and in the locker room and its cramped and dirty sometimes and the benches can be slimy. Most of this can be fixed with carrying a couple towels and simply 

I recommend that everyone try this. Also there is great food around the corner at Sabor de Mexico. Definitely good to load up on some fats and nutrients and maybe even a beer or horchata directly after bathing. 

I love this place and I will miss it dearly
WARNING: This establishment is for ballers only. 

The bath house is such a sick spot to unwind and improve your physical/mental well being. This place is pretty legit, so don't expect to be pampered. Grab a bottle of water and get to sweating. So god damn sick.
May not be your fancy perked up spa, but this place gets the job done. Make sure to bring your own slippers and a bathing suit and you're on your way to a very nice relaxing day. With two steam rooms, various saunas and a cold plunge. What else do you need? They also offer several spa services which include a salt scrub, mud facial, massage or platza. Ive tried them all my favorite was the Platza which took place in the hottest of all rooms. My skin is much softer and my acne has improved dramatically. Overall if you're very picky about how fancy or cosmetically beautiful your spa is then beware this may not be the place for you. I went from a groupon to now a full time member and I'm glad I did.
This place is one of a kind. I had my birthday party here and often bring friends who are visiting from out of town for this authentic bathhouse experience. Its not the prettiest spa in nyc but it has the most character and the heat cant be beat. Dont forget the chill outdoor rooftop lounge.
Today I fell in love.. viktor gave me the platza treatment and I wanted to marry him and take him home with me! This was a great way to spend my last day in NYC.. Several rooms offering various kinds of saunas.. Dry, wet, scented..a giant ice cold pool to dip into between rooms.. While crowded still a great experience.
These baths are one of the best things a person can do for themselves in NYC! Yes, they are a bit "raw" you could say... not your typical spa treatment center. If you're at all grossed out by being close to other New Yorkers while they sweat then this isn't the place for you. BUT if you know whats good for you you'll appreciate the simplicity of the baths and enjoy them for what they are: hot rooms to sooth the soul. 

Coming here regularly, once a week, makes me a better human and able to cope with all the rest of the crap the city throws at me. 

Try it at least once and see how you like it. If you like then you'll love it. Just remember that you have to soak in the cold pool for at least 2-3  minutes. No one ever does and they look at me like I'm crazy when I do but trust me... it's the best. It will reset your body so you can do another hour in the hot rooms.
Like an old friend.  I hope this place lasts forever.  Any chance of Turkey and Russia merging? I doubt it, but that's another reason why its such a unique place.
This is truly one of the best places in NYC--but it is not for the types who like it fancy and shi shi--if you're into the raw--old school glory lower east side days when the poor and famous rubbed shoulders then you'll fit right in to the Russian & Turkish Baths. 

This place is a miracle and always makes me feel younger and relaxed--hard to handle more than an hour b/c it's so powerful!

be sure to wear the shoes they give you--other types are too slippery on the wet floor, I almost fell several times with my regular flip flops!

I bought a group-on and came on the wrong day b/c I did not notice the date limitations--they were kind enough to still honor it b/c I was traveling from California.

Clientele is very friendly without being invasive--I felt like I was part of true NYC community and history--I hope it's always there as my refuge. 

thanks!!!
I had a great time here! The staff moves quickly and gets you in right away. The whole setup is easy and intuitive and they had a nice locker system behind the counter to secure your valuables. There were five different types of room, and each was great. Everyone was friendly and welcoming, and I moved through all the rooms (and the ice bath!) quickly and easily. I especially recommend the Russian radiant heat room. There's cold running water you pour over yourself in the heat and it feels amazing. Also infinite towels and an easy system to get a new one. 
I also had a massage that was extremely relaxing. I'd recommend it to anyone.
I love the Russian & Turkish Baths on 10th Street!  I've been going to this East Village institution for almost a decade and have enjoyed their food and services religiously.  Some have complained that the place is "small" or "dirty" compared to some of the newer Korean spas, but to these people I say, "you're an idiot!"  I would describe this location as "cozy" with "character" just like my beloved East Village.

The Russian & Turkish spa can be a intimidating affair for the first timer, so let me give you some tips that I've picked up over the years.  First, check in with the counter person, they'll put all of your personal belongings like phones and wallets into a safe deposit box.  Please note that you will not be able to get your phone and wallet out until you pay, so be sure you won't need to make a call.  You might risk putting it into your clothes locker, but they don't guarantee safety (not that I've ever had a problem)

Once you've got your safe deposit key, you'll be given a locker number.  This number is stamped on the key and you can wear it around your wrist or ankle.  You'll need to give your locker number whenever you order food or get services for which you pay at the very end.  Please try the food, it's reasonably priced and delicious Russian fare.  They have a great selection of Russian and Polish Beers and water, which you must have while schvitzing.

They provide shorts, sandals, towels and robes. I usually bring my swim trunks and my own sandals.  Once ready, go downstairs and take a quick shower.  There are 5 rooms of various heat intensity as well as an ice cold bath to refresh you between rooms.  Try them all!  In some rooms, if it gets too hot you can douse yourself with a bucket of ice cold water.

You'll find several employees and regulars downstairs that will offer massages and the infamous Platza aka "waterboarding".  If you've never had the Platza, I recommend it at least once.  It's where you get beaten by oak leaves.  They have ways of making you talk!  You'll be so glad you've survived the experience, you'll have a new zest for live.  For reals.

If the weather's nice you can go up to the roof and sun on the roof deck.  You may also see people with mud masks, which you can purchase there.  Sometimes I imagine living in NY when this place was the only place you can wash up.  Mind blowing.

I love to go during the middle of the week and during the day to avoid the crowds.  I recommend checking out their schedule as they have Co-Ed times where shorts are required and gender-specific times where you can drop trou!  I once went on a men's only day and saw so much penis.  I can't unsee it.   On occasion, I have rub shoulders with actors here including; Colin Farrell and Sam Rockwell, so that's kind of cool

If you do like the place you can buy multi-day passes at a discount, but keep in mind the business is run separately by weeks,  It's weird, each week is run by either Boris or David.  You can tell which week it is by the calendar on their website,.  The prices are the same, but when you buy a pass it's week specific so keep that in mind.  My buddy and I split the weeks, he has David's weeks and I have Boris' weeks so we're always covered!

Anyway, please come.  I highly recommend this place!  Happy Schvitzing!
Coming home to New York after a trip to Istanbul, I sought out a similar hamam experience here in New York City. The Russian & Turkish baths _is_ that experience!

It's not a fancy chrome and glass spa featuring banana leaf wraps and cucumber slices on your eyes while you're in a white robe -- it's the real McCoy! It's a manly, rustic spa for all walks of life, except for those that accustomed to Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spas! This isn't a spa -- it's a bathhouse. 

Now that the 1%ers have stopped reading, let's get down to business: 

- The first thing to clearly understand is that the Russian & Turkish baths is owned by two men: David and Boris. They are the owners alternately each week. Why is this important? Because passes, coupons and other methods of admission are restricted to one or the other owner (i.e. You may only use admission tickets and gift cards with the manager you purchased the card from.) So if you're buying a ten admission pass, remember who the owner is that week! 

- Next, when you arrive, place ALL your valuables in the safety deposit box. You will not need cash nor credit cards, as everything will be billed to your locker number. If you lock up your mobile phone, silence it or turn it off! Once your box is put in the vault, you will not have access to it until checkout. Admission and all amenities are paid upon leaving. 

- Towels are on the shelf as you enter the locker area (behind the curtain). You will find clean sandals in your locker, but for those that are more germ-phobic, bring your own and be sure they are water and steam-proof! 

- A swimsuit is required to be worn, unless you are going during hours designated for MEN only or FEMALE only. During male only hours, it is not unusual to see men waking around with nothing on. If you find this disturbing, only go during unisex hours (most of their opening hours are unisex, see their website for the schedule.)

- After changing, head downstairs into the sauna areas. There are five saunas, each has it's own features. Walking from the back of the bathhouse (south-side) to the front (north-side) they are: 

-- The Russian Sauna features radiant heat and is very hot. 
-- The steamroom (small glass booth) near the plunge-pool is cool and small, compared to the rest of the saunas. 
-- The Turkish Sauna is a steam-based sauna and is very nice with wood benches. 
-- On the left is the hot steam room with eucalyptus steam and has tile benches, it's really good for opening up your airways. The steam is so dense, it's hard to see and the tiles can get slippery, so use caution. 
-- Lastly there's a dry wood sauna -- which is really good at making you sweat. 

Other amenities: 

-- There is a pool in the baths, but it's not for swimming -- it's for plunging into ice-cold water between sweat sessions in the sauna. 
-- There are five shower stalls. 
-- Therapeutic treatments and massage are also offered for an additional cost. 
-- There is a small restaurant on the ground floor 
-- There is a roof deck on the top floor. (Smoking is allowed on the roof deck.) 

What to bring: 

- Personal sandals (if you so choose) 
- Swimsuit (unless you're going during a male or female only time) Enjoy!
This place is just amazing! Have been going there for years, its a real treat......
If you're looking for an inexpensive way to relax, detox and get away from the daily grind of NYC, you have to visit this all day, stay as long as you need spa on East 10th. 

I promise you'll be back.
My favorite place to visit in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Ask for ALEX (not Sasha) for a massage. Get some pickled herring and bomb Russian grandma-made food and head to the top-deck for sunning between dips in the cool pool and saunas/steam rooms. If you're looking for hot tubs DONT GO HERE. If you're looking for a 'clean/class/sterile spa' that's all ZEN... don't go here. This is some OLD SKOOL ISH, like kickin it with hassidic rabbis and hippies at the same time. I LOVE IT SO MUCH. Search online for Groupons/Living Social coupons before going for a discount on the admission price. Go early in the morning, since it's an all day admission.
5 for the radiant heat room. That's what it's all about--a giant kiln-like oven in a large room with tiered benches and running water to cool you off. And, of course, the cold pool.

I like the old-style atmosphere. Mostly unchanged in look since my first visit years ago--yet fewer grizzled locals and orthodox jews and heated conversations in Russian and an increase in gym bodies, banal guy talk, and couples--and now only one men-only day. Oh well. 

I don't bother with sauna and steam--you can get that anywhere. 

David's weeks are mellower, no hard sell on treatments, and I am starting to think they regulate the heat more carefully in the radiant heat room. 

Massages? Friends have noted inappropriate behavior....

I've been to second floor only once--when they opened the deck. Nice enough, but I go to sweat, plunge, relax, sweat, plunge, relax, sweat, plunge, relax....
My buddy got me into this place...   We could go climb and then come here after, eat some borsch, and then revel in the glory of the various sauna rooms.  I live in san diego now, but whenever I return to NY, I make sure to pay this place a  visit.  The sensation of pouring ice-cold water all over your body after sitting in a extremely hot sauna is invigorating and a truly unique experience.  I always leave here satisfied, relaxed, and feeling great!  It's not your typical luxury spa, but I would never want it to be..
Welcome to the flesh parade.

This is one of my favorite spots in New York.  Clean, but no frills.  Secret, but crowded.  Punishingly hot, and bitter cold.  Just an awesome place to sit around sweating, forgetting the outside world exists, and indiscreetly staring at naked people (well almost).  I love to come here with all my lotions and potions, and make a girlie spa-day of it.  It's a little on the expensive side, but you can get better deals if you buy passes in bulk.

If you can get here during the day on a weekday, it's not too crowded.  Evenings and weekends: picture a subway car at rush hour, with about 10% as much clothing.
Totally relaxing.  Definitely go into the really hot saunas and steam rooms, then jump in the cold pool, repeat about 4 or 5 times, then get a massage - they have prices for 15, 30, 45, 60 min massages so it fits any budget.  I was so relaxed when I got out of there, it was a perfect day.
My fiance and I wanted to try this place out for a while then saw a deal on lifebooker and jumped at the chance.  We both got massages and 2 day passes.  We loved all the different rooms and the massages were great.  We had a totally amazing day and will be back!
I like this place. 

No, it's not fancy.  But, yes, I leave thoroughly relaxed and happier, having sweated out all the grossness of everyday life.  Besides, I can't afford fancy, and trying to afford fancy stresses me out, which then negates the reason for coming here to do de-stress.

Definitely wear your own swimsuit (I also take my own flip flops, but they do have water shoes in every locker), and drink lots of water. Bring your own fancy bath goods if you must.  But just sit back, sweat, and enjoy.  No one seems to care what you do, how long you stay in any room, whether you're toned or jiggly. Just sit, sweat, and be happy.

It does get crowded: a few weeks ago, I actually had to wait for a locker. They have plenty of men's lockers, it seems, but the women's section is small, and there was a wait of about 5 women at 8 pm on Friday, and people (who came together: not strangers) were being asked to double up. But, once downstairs, there seemed to be plenty of room so don't let a line at the door scare you off.

And, I've never had any issues with being charged for things I shouldn't. I've been asked if I wanted a massage or treatment, and was left alone when I demurred.
Let's get to the bottom line: if you are looking for a one time, feel good retreat at a posh spa, this is not the place. IF however, you are a person who is looking to do regular amounts of sauna therapy for health purposes, then this is the best place in the city to do it. 

Sauna therapy is good for boosting the immune system, ridding the body of toxins, is an excellent cardio workout without moving, and helps with the girlish figure! In order to get the best benefits however, regular sessions are the ideal - for most of us for that to be possible, that means it has to be affordable. Most other places charge $50 on the low end per session for water /sauna therapies on their own; 
for some places it is really only a part of a spa package over $100. 

How does The Russian Turkish Baths compare to the typical posh spa? 

Better price: As of this writing, individual sessions are $30 - you can stay as long as you like. You pay when you leave; on the day I went there was a special card which gave 8 sessions at $15 per session, with no expiration. One note - there are two owners of the facility, each one owns a time shift, and your card allows you visits during that 
owners time (which appears to be every other week). Still a sweet deal. 

Visually - no frills: The place is clean and neat, but being a historical landmark in the area, it is set up to do exactly what you come there for - a very nice long row of saunas downstairs from the locker room. Outside of that, it looks rather like a YMCA, tiles, lockers, the usual. I didn't need a fancy locker room or a pretty front desk; the saunas, in their own way, are quite charming, and very effective. 

Better security than most: I've been to a number of therapeutic spas over the years; this one actually took extra measures to keep valuables safe. When you enter, you sign in at the front desk. They assign you a key (on a rubber band you keep on your wrist) for your locker to store your change of clothes, shoes, and so on as usual, but they also give you a metal lock-box where you store your money, cell phone and other small valuables from your purse or wallet - kept safely behind the front desk. 

Sauna quality - equal: Some of these saunas were familiar to me, some new. All looked good and most definitely did their job! The newbie review of heat levels: 

Redwood sauna - Nice and mild dry heat; great as a starter or fantastic for those new to saunas. 

Aromatherapy sauna - Excellent moderate moist heat. My favorite! A nice choice for new and experienced sauna goers. 

Russian sauna - beautiful, large room with an intense heat. I am going to have to work my way up to it. Even after pouring water on myself and the area I planned to sit at, my "biscuits" were burning rather fast. It seems that the plan here is to splash water all over yourself, sit a moment, get up again, splash, repeat. Platza treatment 
will have to wait until I can be there for more than 5 minutes, but for the hard core sauna goer, this is not to be missed. 

Turkish Sauna - Radiators on every wall, a shower at the door when you wuss out. Need I say more? This place felt the hottest of them all to me, but it may be the kind of heat it generates. Again one to work up to if new, great for the experienced. 

I should also add that there is seating outside each sauna to allow for a gentle cool off in between, as well as showers and the ice cold pool. 

Notes on dress and mood: I went during women's only hours (sorry guys, I'm not ready to sweat in a co-ed environment). Wednesday weekdays are nice and light, and in fact I had much of my sauna time to myself or at most 3-4 other women...mercifully not crowded. Though co-ed time requires full dress, single gender time does not. DO NOT let this put you off - women of all body types are there and at all levels of dress from one piece swimsuit AND swim trunks to completely in the buff. And yes, they are all there for sauna treatment - no funny business, just people trying to sweat for health. Everyone, staff and guests alike were exceedingly polite there and most ladies either kept to themselves, or brought along a friend to chat with. 

Overall, this is a place I'd highly recommend if you want to need to do sauna treatments on a regular basis, or are looking for an old time style establishment for a quick pick me up.
Gosh, it s awesome
A good authentic bath. I never been to anywhere like it. 
It's not a fancy place, you have been warned. 
The place is a 120 years old, and not much has changed.
I love this place.

Fully authentic, lots of varieties and different steaming options in the different rooms, decent food.

If you're looking for a spa, look elsewhere. This place is a no-frills steam room. Gritty, a little dark, unvarnished, abrasive staff, authentic. And that's what makes it perfect.

Give it a chance, but check your preconceived notions at the door.
I'm not surprised to see that the comments are so mixed on this place.  Basically, it breaks down to the classic New York split between people who love the city for what it is (or used to be) and those who wish that it was more like Sex and the City.  Yes, the place is a little run-down; after all, it's over 100 years old!  But it's also clean, and it's clear that the staff regularly scrubs the walls and floor.

Yes, as some whiners have pointed out, the rooms are hot.  It's a sauna, guys.  And, for that matter, the staff -- especially in the snack bar -- tends to be a little cranky.  What do you expect?  They're Eastern European!

The sauna and basic steam room are pretty standard -- boring actually -- but the Russian room, the Turkish room and the Aromatherapy room are all AMAZING!  The aromatherapy room is particularly nice when Jeff, one of the regulars, takes a hand with the oils -- he really knows what he's doing.

The shower soap is standard pink bathroom style, so you might want to bring your own, along with a loofa or body scrubber.  For that matter, a bathing suit and your own pair of flip flops will also elevate the experience a little.  Also, don't pay the full $30 admission -- wait until Lifebooker or Yelp runs one of their deals and offers tickets for $12.

Be sure to pick up a big bottle of water, as pushing fluids will make the sauna even better.  For that matter, be sure to grab a snack at the little restaurant: the juices are great, and all the food I've had has been fresh and well-prepared.

Ultimately, this isn't a place for a hothouse-flower fake New Yorker.  It's for people who appreciate tradition, don't want to spend a lot of money, and feel like enjoying nineteenth-century style pampering.  An hour or two in the baths will leave you limp, relaxed, and reeling from the good vibes.  For $12, who could ask for anything more?
My first time here.....

It was easy to navigate, I was able to walk downstairs and find every room I was looking for.  People are nice here and help if you need it.

This place is just.....super relaxing.  For beginners who have not been to a sauna, the Redwood/Dry Steam room is good for starters. It is not too hot and it just feels good.

I was tempted to pay for a massage since I have never done this before, so asked for a Swedish massage but I didn't have enough time to wait for one. So the therapist suggested I get a Platza/Oak Leaf treatment which was only 15 minutes and cheaper.  IT FELT SO GOOD.  The sound of being washed and beat (not hard obviously) with a leaf brush sounded weird, but it felt awesome. After a warm water wash cold water was poured over me, and I was asked to take a dip in the freezing pool.  Once I got out the therapist covered me in towels and a bath robe, and sat me down. My body felt amazing.  

I plan on getting other treatments next time i go... i love this place and I am only 19.
In all of my years in living here in New York, I never went here until this year via recommendation of a co-worker. If you're feeling like you want to relax for 4-5 hours, this place is awesome. Very old New York, when you first walk in, you hand off your valuables to the front counter, get a key and swap out our street clothes for spa clothes. I bring my own sandals and towels. On co-ed days guys wear shorts and girls wear bikinis although I do see topless chicks on the roof deck and in the Russian room. When you first get here I would suggest that you start off in the redwood sauna which isnt that hot and work your way into the Russian room. A few things. Dont dip your towels into the running water bucket thing and dont lean on the wall, you will burn yourself. Get the platza. AND DRINK PLENTY OF WATER, bring a giant bottle of water, I guarantee you will refill it at least 20 times, i do anyways, I also always have a cliff bar and Gatorade in my locker to replenish my electrolytes midway through. Grab a beer and some good food when you're done. Come on down and enjoy.
I really love coming here with friends. It's a nice place to relax in different steam rooms and saunas, and take a dip in an ice cold pool too. My skin feels so fresh and clean after I've left here, and my face feels like it got a facial. I love that you don't have to bring towels, slippers, or even a lock because they provide it all there for you. And they have cheap mud masks that you can purchase, as well as a cute little cafe if you really need a beer and some borscht after coming out.
Also, the cafe is pretty good and cheap. It's so nice to sit down after 2 hrs in the steam rooms with a hearty bowl of borscht, side of rye bread and gigantic bottle of water.
This is not a day spa. This is not a place for the shy or faint of heart. If you expected a day spa with relaxing music and a nice glass of ice water with a slice of orange in it, you do not belong here. Please save us from reading your 98 line description of how you expected some elegant massage and refreshing aromatic treatment. You come here to schvitz. Yea its a little dingy, but the place is 120 years old! Just go here and relax and enjoy yourself.

The Russian room is amazing. Bring a large bottle of water with you, and keep hydrated. This is the best form of detox/cleanse you can get. And for 30 dollars for as long as you want, it doesnt really get much better than that. 

I will put the schvitz up there at number 2 on my list of Russian contributions to society. Vodka, schvitz, kafka, then probably the AK 47.
Came back and got a Platza. It was both amazingly traumatic and amazing at the same time. I felt like I would drown and/or suffocate, as he kept covering my face with a towel and dumping water on me. But it was worth it! The best part was him putting his knee in my lower back and stretching me out.

I spoke to him in Russian, telling him that my family was from Belarus. He went on to tell me that, as a former sportsman, he travelled all across the USSR. Of all the countries he saw, Belarus was his favorite. Best nature, best food, best land, best people.

And best President. He told me much about the greatness of Lukashenko.

Lukashenko has been called "Europe's last dictator" and as a result, George W. Bush labeled Belarus an "outpost of tyranny."

This is the kind of dude giving Platza treatment at Russian-Turkish Baths. This man is legit.
Has anyone looked at the photos for this place? I seriously had to laugh at the one of several svelte happy shiny young models yuking it up in the hot room. This is definitely NOT what the clientele here looks like, and I was surprised at how incredibly clean the rest of the photos make the place look. That said, I never thought of this place as unclean as some have commented. 

Yes, the ice cold pool is incredibly cold (um, duh?), and super awesome after you have been rolling around the the different rooms and your core temp is up. Exhilirating! 

The vegetable juices are delicious at the bar, the guys at the front desk are sweethearts, and yes the towels/robes/shorts are flimsy/cheap - this is not a luxury spa. 

The treatments look incredibly painful to me, so I was surprised that anyone would sign up for one without first watching someone else (they are public in the hottest room) "experience" one. 

Tip: use the buckets to douse yourself in ice cold water in the hottest room, and you can stay in longer. Or at least until you start to feel super creeped out like you are literally baking.

Afterward you will feel refreshed, renewed, exhausted and ravenous. Make sure to have some healthy food ready for dinner and you'll feel like you just did your body a real high five. 

The only down side to this place is the other people, who all seems to want a huge pat on the back for being there. And I do wish some people would not use it as a means to display their near nudity. If you are a woman you might want to grab one of the robes unless you want dudes staring at you everywhere you walk. Works well for me anyway. 

It's kind of amazing this place exists, after you walk out you will look back to see if it's really there.
Great place to relax and detox. The steam rooms are really HOT however. I stick to the saunas. The Turkish sauna is awesome. Very hot, but not crazy. Don't have the guts to swim in freezing swimming pool, but people seem to love it.
Don't judge this book by its cover.  The Russian room is truly unique and the platza is a must.  Every time I go to new york this is a must.  I use the different steam/sauna rooms then get the platza and finish off with the ice pool and feel like a million bucks.
Who needs Times Square?!  It's all tourists anyway. If you really want to turn up the New York to 11, you've got to come here. 

Be forewarned: the five stars are not for its cleanliness or zen-like appeal. Not that it isn't clean or zen-like.  

If you're used to Korean saunas, or Burke Williams, you might want to leave you expectations (and inhibitions!) at the door. Actually, if you're accustomed to Korean saunas you might think it's strange to wear a swimming suit, but the place is co-ed, and the testosterone is surging like Niagra Falls.

Fortunately, I went with my bff, who goes there weekly, so I knew what to expect. When you check-in, you hand over your valuables (phone, wallet, diamonds, etc.) to the hot thug behind the counter, he locks them up in a "safe." You do get a key and your own locker, but I guess that's not secure enough.

The dressing rooms are partitioned by a flimsy curtain, and supposedly the workers (men) will go in unannounced on occasion to "take out the trash." The locker-room is not a place to flaunt around and blow-dry your hair naked. Just saying.

The steam rooms were hot, but not unbearable, kinda perfect. The dry sauna, however, was bearable for five minutes. And the only reason I could last that long was due to the entertainment: a woman being flogged with a soapy broom, by a turbaned Russian man. You pay for this. 

The cold pool is nice, and they're not uptight (like some Korean places) about having to take showers in between the steam/sauna and the cold pool.    

The sun deck is a nice place to escape. 
 
Men totally outnumber the women here; at first it might weird you out because they're big and gruff and imposing (especially the guys who try to get you to buy scrubs or massages). Just be firm with your "no thank yous" and they'll leave you alone. But if you open up and not think every guy is hitting on you, they can be helpful and funny. Remember it's just a part of the NY experience.
i was here for 3 hours and left feeling amazing. i didn't have any of the treatments...just alternated b/t the various rooms (radiant heat room is by far the most intense) and the ice cold pool. 

not to mention the polish sausage in the cafeteria was actually damn good...remember to use some of that hot russian mustard
The Russian & Turkish baths are a great adventure not to be missed.

It's well-run and laid-back. You can walk in and spend a few hours going between the different saunas and steam rooms. My favorite is the Aromatherapy Room, which has steam that smells of eucalyptus. 

Ask about the special treatments, as some of them happen in a sauna and some are upstairs in private rooms.
Like a heroin addict's first high, I crave this feeling of clean that only comes from sitting in the hot heat of the Turkish Baths.  My skin literally just fell off, and revealed this golden hottness underneath.

I've seriously never been so clean. I'm amazed and intrigued by this, and I want to go back all the time.
It's 30 dollars, but that is for unlimited steaming and chilling.  I'm definitely going to purchase a package when I go next. For $210, you can get 10 visits, which is a pretty decent discount. 

If you're the shy type, don't worry. No one's looking at you. I mean, I can't guarantee that, but, at least they will act like they're not looking at you. Everyone comes here to steam and be gross, not to pick up people or stare at half naked bodies.  
Linens such as a robe and shorts are provided, as well as towels and slippers. I brought my own water shoes, so whatever aquatic footwear you want is allowed. I recommend wearing a bathing suit though for maximum comfort.  And please, drink water. Don't come in with that little bullshit 12oz Poland Spring. Buy a 1.5 liter. You will finish it, and probably fill it up twice.
So happy to have had time to visit again last weekend. I was so looking forward to Rosa's salt scrub and the relaxation I expected. However, it wasn't relaxing per se, it was invigorating and completely detoxing. I started out with a seaweed salt scrub by Rosa, and she completely cleaned my body and hair vigorously. Then I met Alex and he introduced me to his exhilarating Platza treatment in the Russian sauna while ensuring my comfort and keeping my temperature under control with cold towels on my head and regular dousing with buckets of cold water -- he vigorously washed me with leaves and soap, and stretching my limbs gently but firmly and released the tension from every vertebrae. I loved it. Two mega treatments and unlimited sweating for just over $100. I CAN'T WAIT to go back.
so im slightly obsessed with this spot. you cant go there if your shy or a germaphob. my first bathhouse i've been too and i love it! 30 bucks for as long as you would like- its an experience and everyone should try it out. the platz scrub down was amazing! worth the extra dough
I honestly can't think of a better way to detox. Typically my hangover cure is ice cream, but I think I've found a healthier and more relaxing cure.

This was my first bathhouse experience, and it was worth the $30. We went through a few runs of the place (Russian Room, Turkish Steam Room, Sauna) for a couple hours. I felt renewed.

They have a great Russian deli upstairs complete with Baltica. After a good steam it felt great to sit down with... more alcohol and blinis.
This might be my favorite place in New York. When I was living there, I would go weekly for my fix of creepy old men, and being beaten with oak branches by Boris. Boris is my homeboy. After spending hours in the various saunas, and jumping in the freezing cold pool, I would always leave feeling so relaxed---like my body was jello. Not to mention, my skin got way clearer after going on a regular basis.

The place is ever-so-sketchy, but that is part of its charm. Just bring your own sandals. Also, if you plan on wearing their robes with nothing under them, just don't. Bring a bathing suit, because the robes could easily fit a 400-lb man.
Go here to relax - they have sauna / steam / and cold pool.  The people are cool.

Bill
How could you not love this place! Ok...I can understand if your the squeamish type like these giggley Upper East Side girls I saw there recently, but if you like a real cultural experience this is as good as it gets.
I suggest going on any random afternoon after a day thats been particularly crappy or if your feeling just a tad congested. Nothing melts away the fatigue more than the Turkish and Russian room and the cleansing properties of the Aroma Therapy room are unparelled (think super lush and steamy eucalyptus forest in mid-summer). If your hungover this is the only true cure. Yes, I have had the Platza and it's totally worth it.

The food is also great. Best borscht I've had anywhere and the Kasha is great. Beet juice is just what the doctor ordered if your nursing the pains of the previous night's boozing.

Randomly, this place is great for meeting new (and often attractive) people. Its also worked as a good date place.
This is the real deal. It isn't fancy. It isn't new. It isn't cheap (but it isn't expensive). It is only the best steamer/sauna on the planet. The fantastic people watching comes for free. Be forewarned, if you are shy about wandering around in a soaking wet thingamabob. Don't come. You certainly don't need to worry about being fit. The patrons come in all shapes and sizes. People come for one thing - to sweat out their cares and relax. You do all of that and end up extremely clean. The spa (if you can call it that) offers all types of services (mud baths, salt rubs, etc). I do not use them so I can not comment. Make sure you drink a lot of water....and don't be afraid to try the Russian cuisine...is fun, different, good and cheap. Conclusion: This is as good as it gets. Did I mention to drink A LOT of water...?
My suggestion is that you come with a piece of paper that has your name and where you live written on it.  Trust me when I say that you will need the reminder when your journey is over. (You can put it in the lock box that you are provided for your other valuables.)  Descend the stairway into a netherworld that has the power to remove every care, every worry, actually it has the power to erase every thought in your head.   The journey is best if you simply alternate between hot, hotter, hottest sauna(s) and/or steam ,and cool shower and the ice cold dunking pool.  Take time to hydrate and rest between circuits as your tolerance for the extremes gets better and better. Close your eyes, rest & allow yourself to ride the wave...  The platza is so satisfying there really are not words to describe it.  If you can only spring for one "extra" treatment get it and  e-mail your thanks when you get home and finally begin to remember your mother tongue.  After 3 hours of  schvitzing I took up Seth's suggestion of one more "extra'- a soap scrub that was gloriously and unexpectedly another wonderful  massage/hypnotherapy session.  In the private treatment rooms with open ceilings that only seperate you from the public areas by a thin wall and door I had grave missgivings about being able to relax.  He was professional and masterful -magically I was a child again being bathed.  I was safe, warm ,soft, wet, clean, glowing and BLISSFULL.
terribly dirty,  shanty, service is rude and indifferent.  what can get more new york than this !! ??   this place is my favorite spot to relax in the city.  the heat is insane, cleanses you out, and you dont have to bring anything there to get changed, they have it all there.  yes its gross and crappy, but the heat is so good, and the people watching is incredible.  any student of human behaviour will love this place
I liked this place so much, I had to create it as a business in yelp.. it (amazingly) wasn't even here before. 

So I went up to NYC this past weekend for my bachelor party. Okay, it was insane. We had planned on making Friday a chill night and Saturday would be the big night. Of course, once we all arrived and went out on Friday (Dubwar at Club Love - totally sick), we didn't wind up getting to bed until about 5am. 

Saturday morning, we somehow managed to get up by 10am, and after breakfast the first order of the day was to hit the Russian and Turkish bathhouses. This was kind of significant for me, since I studied a bunch of Russian in high school and college, and went there as a foreign exchange student.. and I knew the importance of the russkaya banya and wanted to experience it myself. Of course, the other guys in the group were more skeptical (there were 15 of us), but with the hangover from the previous night clouding their minds we were able to convince them to tag along. 

Oh my, this place was the best thing ever. For $30 you get access to about 3 or 4 different types of saunas, and an ice plunge pool. We spent about 5 minutes in the Russian sauna, dumped some ice cold water over ourselves, and were already back to normal and ready to take on the world. I splurged and spent another thirty bucks or so for an oak leaf treatment, where you lie in the sauna and they beat you with soaped up oak leafs.. might sound weird to some, but it's completely awesome. It was kind of combo'ed with a massage and it was great. A friend of mine also got a massage and he said the guy giving it was hanging from the pipes in the ceiling and walking on his back. Crazy stuff. 

I should mention that it was coed during the time we went, and I am thankful. Though I am getting married and wasn't heading to the bathhouse with anything in mind other than detoxing, I was thankful for the requirement that everyone wear shorts.. because there are all-male and all-female timeslots at this place and I don't doubt for a second that it's full of old guys with their junk hangin out. Just like any local gym :shudder:. Must be a generational thing. 

Anyway, I am so sold on this place, after coming to NYC for ten years and just discovering it, I now know that no future trip to NYC will be complete without a visit to the Russian and Turkish baths.
this is my spot......


a true NY experience and not for the prissy folks!
This place is an OASIS with more urban legends than pop rocks. It's historic, and for a reason. It's been in the smae place since the 1800's and why? Because it's awesome.

I'm not even going to explain the details of it, and it's beyond compare. It's legendary. It's my life.

I've been hooked, and I've been there 1-2 times a week since I've tried it for the first time, and it's amazing. Cold pool? Amazing. Russian room? Amazing.

AHHHHH!!!! I love this place!!!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!
beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
this place is not beautiful to most, but to me it was something indescribably special.
upon entrance you put your valuable things into a small box which is kept at the front desk, you are guided towards the locker rooms and given a hideous (but useful) robe and towels which are either brown or beige and do not look pretty. the locker rooms are indeed 'ghetto' as stated earlier, but who really gives a shit?
there is a kitchen where you can drink yummy juices or if you're insane take vodka shots, or eat russian food.
there is a deck (which will be awesome in the summer) where you can cool off, sun bathe,smoke a joint, or drink a beer.
then there is the actual baths: 
-a radiant heat room which is a cave and is the hottest. 
- two steam rooms and two saunas. one plain and one aromatherapy.
 -there is also a freezing cold pool. this pool literally made my toes curl it was so cold, and i didn't go all the way in. i think i'm one big wuss ball.
the treatments are fairly priced although i didn't get anything this time. I think i'm going to get beaten with leaves next time i go, although i watched it happen to one of our friends and it looked painful. 
i didn't see any crude behavior while i was here, but the place is KIND OF a sausage fest. 
TIPS:
bring your own flip flops
bring a face mask if you want to, they charge money for mud masks here
this is the best detox after a night of heavy drinking.
It's an amazing place and a good way to hang out with your friends and meet new people. EVERYONE should try this NYC institution at least once.

The Baths themselves are several different types of HOT sauna and steam rooms, a cold pool and a non-heated place to just chill out as well as an outdoor deck. They provide you with CLEAN shorts, robes, towels and flip flops (bring your own flip flops if you have them). They are co-ed and women usually wear bathing suits or the robes. They serve food and sell BEER upstairs.

The price for entry is $30 for the day (that goes to the place not me). Also, you can get a variety of different massages and treatments for a fee.
Where else can you get your spa treatment and history lesson all in one place? The Russian and Turkish Baths offer you a fully immersive old-school East Village experience (the establishment actually dates from the 19th c.), complete with Ukrainian borscht in the cafe and old-style Jewish platza treatments, for a mere $25. 

The main attraction is their "radiant heat" stone room, one of the only of its kind in the US, where you sit with your fellow sweaters and dump buckets of ice-cold water over your head periodically to keep from passing out. Sounds fun, and it is. Then, get out, shower off, and jump in the ice-cold pool for as long as you can take it. If you want the traditional Russian experience, repeat this as often as you can, stepping out once in awhile to their backyard patio to collect your bearings. 

If you are feeling really masochistic, sign up for a platza treatment. There, one of the burly Russians who staff the place will lay you down in the hottest part of the stone room, hit you repeatedly with a bunch of oak leaves, and pour ice-cold water over you from time to time. Respect.

After as much of this as you can take (for me, about 2 hours), you will emerge feeling triumphant and very, very clean. You will have earned the last phase of the traditional Russian experience... getting sloshed on vodka shots. Za Vas!
Dry Sauna, moist Turkish room, Moister steam room, solar heat in which to cook yourself with buckets of running icy water to dump over your head when it gets too much and a freezing pool which so far I've managed to spend up to 50 seconds in before I feel like I'm being jabbed with a million icy needles. Spend a few hours here and you'll come out feeling like jelly, but radiant jelly. You can also get whacked with a bunch of leaves.  $25 admission, ladies only on Wednesday 9 - 2, Gents only on Sunday 7 - 2, the rest of the time it's co-ed.
Best Transcendental Experience. There are so many ways to switch from hot to cold here it's almost overwhelming, but my favorite (and the reason to come here and not troop out to other Russian baths in Coney Island) is the rock room. Heart-stopping heat, the sound of the cold-water buckets constantly filling and running over, and the way your head seems to shoot right out of your body when you pour the cold water over you all make this well worth the investment. Go there and then stay as long as you can stand it. You'll feel cleaner all the way through, in a sort of greasy public-bath kind of way.
A real treasure. An eclectic mix of old Russians, hipsters and normal (?) new yorkers. Not sketchy at all, although it isn't as swank as Sauna Deco in Amsterdam (a must visit if you're ever there). Packed into a brownstown basement are a Turkish bath, an icy pool, and a Russian bath with hot oven and cold water buckets to pour over your head, and Russian men swatting each other with branches. All in all, an unforgettable experience. Bring a swimsuit, as the robes they provide are huge.
It is what it is. You take a step back in time here for better or worse but I found it really fun and relaxing to hang out for a few hours in this bare bones bath house. I also got a mud treatment with Rosa. She's very nice and the treatment was quite an experience! Everyone who works here was friendly and helpful. If you're not sure what to do, just ask. You won't be the only clueless one.
You want a foofy spa day? You want robes and soft towels and scented candles and herbal water? 

Definitely don't come here.

Come here if you want an old-school, legit Russian and Turkish bath. It's rough around the edges (like, a LOT), it's grimy, and it's no frills, but it's the true experience. The ice plunge is the coldest I've experienced at any Russian bath across the country, and the Russian sauna is by far the hottest. Confused about why people are pouring buckets of cold water on their head in there? Give it a few minutes and you won't be. Kudos if you can last in that sauna for more than 10 minutes. The other saunas range in temperature, but are generally pretty mild. 

Co-oed. Clothes are required except on days when it's all male/all female. Patrons are generally very respectful and there to get the full experience. The staff is 100% legit and hilarious - super gruff and perhaps off-putting at first, but they are a riot. Platza treatments are aggressive, to say the least, but it's a spectacle. 

So if you think you've been to a Russian bath, I'd say you don't know what it's really like until you come here.
Take a step back in time and experience life from a different perspective at the Russian & Turkish Baths. It's a bit overpriced (at $40 per visit) so plan to spend at least 2 hours there to try out each of the five saunas and steam rooms with obligatory jumps into the ice-cold pool after each one. (You gotta go in the 46-degree F. pool for the full experience. Really!) 

My favorite was the Eucalyptus Room; it makes your lungs feel great and is so refreshing! Any of the hot rooms will certainly cleanse your body of toxins and give you energy for the rest of your day. But make no mistake about it: while the place has been a NYC landmark for generations, it's also off-beat and a tad bit shabby by 2016 standards. The towels are threadbare, the sleeveless "robes" are one wash away from the rag bin, and the sandals I was issued were so old they might have been worn by Eddard Stark. The tiles, the fixtures, the stairs, the plumbing, the lighting, the signage - just about everything feels like a late 19th century dive, and yet somehow that's all part of the place's allure. No one at the R&T Baths cares how it looks; how you look; or who you are; and everyone feels invigorated when they walk out the door. There is one important concession to modernity however: each of the five hot rooms has a digital thermometer outside the door telling you the temperature inside, which on the day I visited ranged from roughly 105 to 120 degrees. The baths cater to men and women together (with some segregated times available during the week; check the schedule), people young and old (but definitely not for children!), and both New Yawkers and visitors alike. 

As others have written here, make sure you bring your own swimsuit. And unless you are famished, skip the R&T Baths snack bar and try one of the many eateries in the area.

Interesting fact: The place actually has two owners who take turns at the helm, and there are some minor differences between "Boris" weeks and "David" weeks. Check out this NYT article all about the co-ownership. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/31/nyregion/after-124-years-the-russian-and-turkish-baths-are-still-a-hot-spot.html
Russian Steam Baths is like a little piece of heaven in NYC. 
The terrific heat  helps rid your body of accumulated toxins and stress.
They do provide full length robes, shorts, towels, rubber slippers, locker.
A lot of customers wear bathing suits.
Russian Steam Baths is a great place to relax.
Kind of a confusing setup. But everyone is really nice and the food is good. I prefer the mud to the oak leaf. The oak leaf is a little rough for sensitive skin. There are three or four steam rooms and a sauna. I don't do the cold it because it's just too cold but people who are seasoned banya goers seemed to enjoy it.
Always bring your own flip flops (is what I do!) even though they do provide them & wear a bathing suit or their robe and you are all set.  This place isn't modern, but it's NYC and you get what you pay for!  This place rocks.  I am most comfortable going with friends simply because I don't want to talk to anyone - I want to get in my zone and so I go with friends who also want to keep talking to a minimum.  For the price, it's easy to go for just a few hours and feel the benefits - like, you can totally take a long lunch and run back to work.  Well, as long as work doesn't mind wet hair - although there are blow dryers.

Always an experience, the heat does wonders to your immune system in the winter!!  Bring your own essential oils but it's best to ask those around you if they are ok with your oil selections.

My favorite is the ladies only time - just wish my schedule would cooperate - I wish they'd add another ladies only time ;)

Great place to take your out of town friends!!!!!
The best place to relax! Just seems a little bit old,but the rest is like you in Russia and getting all Russian crazy treatments at the same place!!
This place is AMAZING. Truly renews me physically and mentally. I first started coming here about three years ago. 

One thing: you won't enjoy this if you're looking for a fancy spa experience. 

The staff is wonderful and warm, and so are the patrons. Great facilities. Definitely bring a bottle of water and if you want, some salt or sugar scrubs from home or a face mask. They sell all that here but nice to bring your own. 

The masseuses will solicit you, but are up for bargaining about the price. Play hard to get on a slow day and you can make some awesome headway on their prices. 

This feels like a really genuine experience and community.
I had my hesitations upon first entering, but my visit to the Russian & Turkish baths turned out to be restorative and refreshing. 

It may appear dingy on first glance--all the baths are in the basement--but it seems to add kind of a more old-school, authentic feel. The spa attendants all kinda hang out in swim shorts and flip flops and sit around the main hall, and once or twice they asked if I would like a platza massage or salt scrub etc. and I felt they did so in a considerate and not pushy way. 

Different hours/days are designated as co-ed/women or men-only; I went during co-ed hours since it requires that all guests wear either swimsuits or the robes that are provided free of charge. I actually felt more comfortable than I would've expected to, and I felt that everyone there was very respectful of this rule and of others' personal space (the saunas can get crowded!).  

There's no explanation of the different rooms, you just go in and see what you like. Personally I loved alternating between the cedar sauna, the aromatic steam rooms and the ice pool. Upstairs, the roof deck is also a bit dingy but I actually felt like it was a nice spot to wind down and breathe in some fresh, crisp, autumn air before finally checking out. You're allowed to bring food and drink up here from the main floor, and I noticed another guest enjoying a bottle of champagne while reading a book, which I wanna remember to do next time!

After leaving, my skin felt cleansed, the pores of my face cleared, and my muscles relaxed. I only got to spend an hour and a half on this visit, but it was still worth it. If you plan to go, strive to make it maybe a 3 hour visit to fully enjoy the experience. I've already bought a pass to go back again, and I can't wait!
This place has been around for so long that it may as well be a historical landmark. I was kindly informed a brief history of the place while experiencing my first legit Russian Bath house in one of the lower intensity Finnish cherry wood sauna rooms by a regular patron to the establishment. Apparently J Lo met P. Diddy here and Colin Ferrell is still a regular. The rest of his story was a blur as I dripped out all of the alcohol I consumed the previous night, any residue makeup, and the bagel I had that morning along with 4 thousand gallons of water. If you want to feel purified and like someone squeezed you like a ripe naval orange on a juicer, this is your thing. I mostly went because my Russian friend convinced me and there was a Groupon coupon for a discounted daily purchase on 2 day passes. So, I will inevitably be back. However, the guest passes were only applicable for a David Day. I was told that if I was new to Russian/Turkish saunas I should not attend a Boris day unless I want to die. Boris tends to make the temperatures a wee bit significantly hotter.

When you first arrive, you check in any valuables and collect a lock for a locker. Don't worry about your wallet, if you want to purchase anything it is put onto your locker number as a deposit you pay at the end. Grab a black cloth robe and a towel and head off to the changing rooms. I hear the womens are significantly smaller than the mens' rooms. There are beds in the mens' chambers. The womens you are basically changing in a dirty tiny closet of lockers with a single mirror. It's okay though, this is only the in and out part of the whole experience. 

Once done, you head downstairs in your swimsuit (most likely) unless you are bold and adventurous and decided to flash your nether bits and doo dads under the tiny cloth robes to everyone in your presence. Yes, you will see some small amounts of nakedness here. I opted to wear a suit. There are 3 sauna like rooms. The one I had mentioned earlier, the Turkish room which is significantly hotter. So hot that after two minutes inside I had to dunk my entire head in the available water hose hanging from the ceiling. Then there is the Russian room, which unfortunately was closed for renovations. Maybe some day I will learn what it means to die of heat exhaustion and feel true pain and pleasure. It is the hottest of the rooms and I hear barely tolerable. It is also the room in which if you want to pay extra to get a massage you can do so (beating all over your body with a large pile of twigs and leaves that smell very aromatic and are called a Venik). I hear its something like a cross between feeling cleansed and amazing as well as suffocating at the same time. A little too apprehensive to try that one quite yet.

There is a pool of ice cold water to refresh yourself. I could only go so far as knee deep in before having to run out. I know, pathetic. There are also two more rooms - a Swedish spa - this one is more steamy and misty and at a much lower temperature. You'll get pretty soaked in here. Not my favorite of the bunch even though I am Swedish and partial to Swedish things. And finally the Aromatherapy room that smells insanely strong of Eucalyptus. If you are feeling sick and want those nasal passages cleared up, hang out in here for a few minutes. Dude, the room smells like vapor rub. Interesting again but I think my favorite room out of all of them was the lowest intensity Redwood hot sauna. 

If you go upstairs there is a roof area where you can lie down and recover from this entire experience with some fresh air. The place provides mud masks or you can bring your own. There is also a food caf area where you can purchase over-proofed Russian beers and a variety of treats like pierogi. Nom. Overall, my experience and thoughts on this place are two thumbs up and 4.5 stars. My tolerance for enduring the heats are pretty low but I feel this place could be more fun with the right company.
Went today for the first time and had a good experience. I would definitely go back. I did not experience any of the negative feedback in some other reviews. I believe I went on Davids week. The guy at the front desk was nice and not rude at all like some other reviews say.The locker room is outdated and could use a renovation but thats not big deal. No one really showed me where to go after I said it was my first time but it's pretty self explanatory. They supply you with shorts, towels and flip flops. 
Once I changed I headed downstairs which was a lot smaller than what I thought but they had the cold bath, 2 steam rooms. One was very hot and the other was warm. The 2 working saunas were nice and hot. The Russian room is currently under renovation but they only charged $27 instead of $35 because of that so I thought that was cool. People were complaining it was closed and no one told them but there was a big sign when you walk-in.  I thought it was clean. It may seem dirty but it's just old. It's part of the charm. 
 The staff was nice and did keep asking if I wanted treatment but they more so were just walking around asking everyone. It's their way of making money so I didn't find it annoying at all and when I said no thanks they just kept on going. 
 Clientele was mixed. Older, younger, middle aged guys. I went on the mens only day and was pretty crowded. I did have a hard time getting into some of the rooms just because there was no room. I think once the Russian room re-opens that problem will go away. Once the co-ed hours hit I did leave as it started to get even more crowded . 
 Overall it was cool relaxing day. Look forward to going again.
I was grabbing lunch in the neighborhood with some time to kill and came across this place. I had no idea what to expect. My dad had gone to these in Russian when he was on business there years ago and always said it was a trip. The reviews were mostly positive and decided to go for it. It's nestled in a cool building on East 10th and it's pretty unassuming from the outside. It's a no frills place when you walk in. Get your lockbox for your valuable, your locker key and you're on the way. Don't expect to be pampered which was fine with me. You can do a 1-day pass for $35 and if you're around more often it's probably worth getting a multi-pass, but I was only in for the week on business. I really wanted the platzka beatdown and once I refused all the other offers (they will try to up-sell, not actually too unreasonable, but I didn't have the time), I was able to get down to business. It was coed at the time I went so be sure to see what hours are what before you go. It's a good mix of people from young 20 somethings, to older folk, to even some celebrities (verified). There's an array of steam rooms to use while you're there as well as cold pool. The platzka treatment was awesome and would definitely go back again. I'll admit my first impression was a little off and I tend to be cautious, but now that I know the place I would no problem going. It's definitely not a 5-star eat off the floor type of place, but again go some place else if you want that. This is an authentic true, to European experience that you would get in Moscow or Istanbul. If that's what you're looking for then you won't be disappointed.
Right after a bath get the russian dumplings with the spicy russian mustard.  It'll clean out your sinuses the way the baths sweat out your toxins. Delicious.  I love this place especially when I need to flush toxins out after a heavy drinking night.  I've been coming here for 10 yrs, even when I was living in another city.  This is a gem that you cannot find in other cities.
You want to come here. The Russian & Turkish Baths are raw, uncut NYC.  The staff, all men the day I was there, are brusque, but I actually found that a refreshing change from others in the service industry simpering at you through plastered on smiles. There will be  a bit of a hard sell, but if you say no thank you, they'll leave you alone (or ask you again later).  

I received all three scrub treatments for $55, and my skin never felt so soft! A warning to the ladies though, the man giving you the treatment will see you bare-chested, if not completely naked. He will also rub the mud, salt, etc. on your bare chest, but he asked me if it was okay first.  Just go with it, yes, it's very sensual if not borderline erotic, but your body is not the first nor the last that he will see that day, and he's a professional.

It's kind of expensive, so i won't be headed there to frequently, but I do look forward to going back and getting the spatza!
it's a much needed hot and relaxing escape from the snow!! I appreciate the attention of the staff here, I communicated a problem I had and they resolved it, so I'm sure I would return if I go back to the area. Therapy spots like this are much needed.
I gotta say, I bought a groupon deal... 2 admissions for the price of 1, and had no issue the first time I went and am looking forward to the second!

The locker rooms are small, but I went on Thursday so the crowd was light. One thing I wish I had known is that the towels are SMALL! There are some regular sized ones floating around, and I actually waited for them to put a pile of them out and found one, but it was the only one. This said, bring your own towel if you're going to leave it around your waist as I did. All rooms worked well, and it's a constant rotation to get into some, like the steam. It's a smaller room so folks go in shifts almost. The large Russian Room is dark, it's HOT, and there's plenty of space to stretch out and enjoy. 

Yes there's hanky panky, but there was a guy on staff calling people out and that was awesome. I didn't feel like the staff was rude or that they harassed me... they asked maybe twice if I wanted a service and after I declined they were totally fine. 

It was especially relaxing during the hour between men and co-ed hours. The place was almost deserted during the transition and I got to have a relaxing mostly solo steam. 

Read the fine print on your groupon, check the schedule online, and be sure you're going during the appropriate shift and you'll have no issues. And don't forget your normal sized towel...
People call this place grimy but that's exactly what I like about it. Ok, no, what I like is the heat, the steam, the detoxification benefits, and the super soft skin I get when I leave this place. They have a nice variety of rooms, entry is cheap, and I love the mixed crowd on co-ed days. Everyone is so friendly and I've met really nice & interesting people there. Sure, they'll ask you if you want any extra services but you can say no and they will leave you alone. Don't be intimidated- if you go not expecting a spa but a nice schwitz you will be in for a good experience!
SO GOOD. 

An institution of relaxation for 123 years. Considering the only constant in NY is change, it's quite a testament.

Bring your own flip flops and you will be living the dream.
Russian and Turkish Baths is a unique NY historical experience.
I recently came here with 3 friends because we got a groupon deal on David's day.  The prior reviews are correct, there's either Boris' or David's day.  Strange but just go with it.

You enter through the second floor of the building and are greeted by an American girl who gives you a lock box for your cell phone and wallet.  You then get a key with a number on it, that's for your locker.  
There's a Russian lady who greets you with "take a towel and change in the locker room."

The locker room is old but fine.  There are several benches in the middle, a few guys were napping there during my visit (why, I don't know.  It's kind of noisy).

After you change into your bathing suit (or the loaner you can get near the skimpy towels), you go downstairs.  Note = you wear a bathing suit on co-ed days, which in my case was Saturday PM.  I guess no bathing suit on men or women only days.

I was then greeted by a Russian guy who said "come downstairs for a treatment".  My groupon included a 30 minute massage or scrub.  I went downstairs where the steam, saunas, and "treatment rooms" are located.  The treatment rooms are partitioned off message tables.  I was told to go into a massage area and to get naked on the table.  I barely covered up with the skimpy towel.  It was private with a door, although you could hear everyone outside so no silent relaxation here.
So I got a scrub, basically I was oiled up and stayed there for 15 minutes, then doused with water and a scrub.  It was fine.  Again, a unique experience.

The bath is old, there are 3 saunas and two steam rooms.  The saunas are quite hot and the steam not.  There's also a cold plunge.
The crowd is diverse with hipsters, college students, preps, and a few late 30s early 40s thrown in.  

It's average in cleanliness but you are given sandals.  
I'm highly recommend a visit.
I've always wanted to try a Turkish bath house and finally was able to do so. This was a great experience. The check in is quick and easy. Then the baths and saunas are downstairs. After I was done my body felt so relaxed and about ten pounds lighter. Obviously not literally, but you know the feeling. Definitely recommend for anyone!
A classic NYC spot. If you're looking for fancy go elsewhere. While they've renovated and improved this is still an average person's place for a steam. That said it's a bargin if you don't need lots of frills.
Yes, it's old-world.  Yes, it's NYC in the best sense.  It's a little expensive, but GET the massage from one of the muscley Russians.  It is so much more intense and effective than your typical Asian massage in NY.  This isn't a backrub- it's an intense, take-no-prisoners attack on your muscles that will leave you like putty for the rest of the night.  You need it more than you realize!

The aroma-therapy stuff is cool too, but I think the real massage is better than the thing where they beat you up with a leaf.  Just my opinion.
Being from Russia and being a huge fan of Russian baths and running outside in the snow I've been a frequent visitor to this place for a while now. This is not a spa but a typical spartan style establishment where you come to get your dose of steam and heat sitting next to other friendly comrades. They have several different kinds of rooms: hot, moderate heat, and eucalyptus infused steam room. You can cool yourself off in a cold mini pool or just dump a bucket of cold water on yourself, you know the basics. There is a deck outside and a cafe downstairs where you can enjoy a Russian salad with a bottle Baltika (my favourite is #7, but #3 is good too). 

They have promos running every now and then, just sign up for their mail list. Keep in mind they have 2 separate owners (David and Boris) who run the place on alternating weeks so the offer you get is for that owner only.
This place is always on Groupon and LivingSocial, so I figured I'd go ahead and check it out. Being no stranger to la vie au naturel, I went during those men-only hours. Yes, it is cruisy. Yes, you are going to get ogled by greying Hasidic daddybears (I did, anyway). But yeah, you're also going to get a bomb-ass shvitz.

The grime mentioned in many of these reviews is most certainly part of the charm. In its way, this place is quintessential New York.

Big fan of the Russian room (keep your assmeats from touching the stone under the wood seats; ouch) and the cooling pool, which is colder on some days than others.  The aromatherapy room with the thicker steam is the epicenter of the, err, steaminess. Easily avoided if that's not your speed.  You'll be fairly annoyed with the in-and-out ficklefritzes letting all of the steam out, anyway.
I have been on women only days and co-ed. I prefer the women only days. It gets VERY crowded so I recommend going early.  It is very rustic due to being so old and I'm not sure how clean it is but it does not appear that clean so I recommend bringing your own towel or two and definitely bringing your own water shoes. I noticed some shoes there being reused by another patron that had not been cleaned prior to her putting them on because I saw the previous person leave them and noticed no one cleaned them before renting to the next person.  The massage/body treatments are unique so I recommend trying at least once.  Arrive well hydrated and prepared to sweat like never before! Enjoy.
Came with my sister for some purification and relaxation and absolutely fell in love!!! This is NOT spa castle!!! I feel there is a whole culture to the Turkish bath and we loved every minute of meeting the "regulars". They were filled with humor, wit and tips for how to navigate your way through every room!!! My favorite room was the aroma and my sister loved the one with the oven that gave out radiant heat! We'll be back! And check for the half off groupon!
I went with two friends on a co-ed day on a Saturday and I had a great time. They have 4 different saunas and 1 steam room, a cold pool, and the best part is the roof deck where if you score a lounge chair and padding, you can sit in the sun with mud on your face and bask for ages. It's a super barebones spot, low key, no frills, and clean enough. For a post winter outing on a nice day, it's a treat.
My bf and I went on a co-ed day, but the place was still really beefy. We got handled and beaten with oak leaves, scrubbed down, and tossed around in the hot Russian Sauna room in front of other sweaty victims. After 10-15 mins of this, we were refreshed, relaxed, and born again. 

It's a very social place, not quiet, and no flowers or pampering. If you want that kind of VIP treatment, pay more money and go somewhere else. Ladies, if this is your first time, you may wanna go to women-only times first, or with a friend on co-ed days.

Also, idk who was hating on Borris, but he's totally chill.
Just come here for the experience!

Don't expect this place to be fancy, sophisticated, or "look" clean: it is not. 
It's raw and intense. Come here with an open mind! 
It's like a hipster and bohemian paradise. Everyone here has a distinct look, and most of the people I saw here were really fit! It's quite inspiring and interesting to people watch. 

My favorite room was probably the Russian Room, and dipping cold buckets of water on myself after I heated up too much. I feel renewed!
I came here Saturday with some friends , nothing was planned , just a last minute thing. If your looking for a posh place this is not the place, but if you are looking for a good experience and you can focus on the amenities, you can enjoy this place. I personally like this place, and I like going in the winter cause you can go up to the roof deck in your bathing suit and chill out in this cold ass weather. I had some juices and some Siberian Pelmeni which were delicious.
I read tons and tons of reviews before coming here the first time, so I was really prepared. I came here on a date, which at first, I thought was weird, since I'm more of a traditional dater, I guess, but it was one of the best dates I ever had- a lot had to do with the guy, mind you. But on to the review!

Just like many have said before me, NO FRILLS! I'm a bit of a germaphobe, so I brought my own flip flops and bathing suit. I would have brought my own towels too if I'd had a big enough bag. I went at 7 pm on a Thursday and the place wasn't crowded at all. I won't bore you with the details of the valuable/locker room. 

As per other yelpers suggestions, I brought a mud face mask and headed upstairs to the terrace to put it on, since I figured it'd melt pretty quickly downstairs. Well, I thought the roof deck would have a retractable roof, being that is the middle of winter and all, but nope! Wide open, and there were people just chilling there in their bathing suits. Winter warriors! I just used the mirror in the restroom (there's one in every floor) to apply my mask and headed downstairs.

We started in the regular sauna and worked out way up to the Russian stone room (or whatever). Besides the mask, I also brought a deep conditioning hair treatment, which I kept re-applying between saunas. I didn't go on the cold pool 'cause 1. I had stuff in my hair and I thought that wouldn't be nice to other patrons, and 2. I don't know, maybe is just me, but bacterial vaginosis is not really my thing, you know? I was sure to have a towel between whatever surface I touched and my body at all times, especially my behind. Bacteria looooooooves warm and humid places, like the baths, and I also have a warm and humid place I'm rather fond of and would like to keep bacteria free, thankyouverymuch.

The Russian room is intense. Is HOT! I felt my skin burning, but dear Lord, my lips! My lips started peeling off. Such a weird, amazing feeling! I brought with me a coconut body scrub (they sell scrubs and mud at the baths, but I think they're $10, and I already had a scrub at home), and applied it right there, out of people's way. I  sat with it on while it melted, and I felt like I was relaxing on the beach. My skin was so soft afterwards! I couldn't bring myself to throw the ice water on myself, so I asked my date to do it. He got a good laugh out of my shock. It was as if my lungs constricted and I couldn't breathe from the cold, but it feel really good afterwards. 

I had a quick shower (also brought shampoo, conditioner and body wash) then headed upstairs to change. It took me a while to get dressed 'cause my body just wouldn't move fast. I was too relaxed. There were only 3 more girls in the dressing room and I didn't have to wait to use the hair dryer. All in all, it was a great experience and I will definitely be back. Perhaps during all-women's time :)

4 stars 'cause I'm a girly girl and I like girlier saunas. Though it gets 23878303753 stars for making me feel AMAZING.
This place isn't high-end but it has what you need for a bathhouse experience, plus a few spa treatments you can purchase-- they have salt scrubs and a mud mask, but I purchased a Groupon for a platza... let me describe the experience:

A man comes out of a metal stall dragging a bucket on a rope full of sudsy water and oak leaves and beckons you into the Russian sauna, which is a dimly lit room that's so hot it hurts to breathe sometimes-- but no worries, there's a source of cold water and buckets that you can use to cool yourself down... for, like, three seconds. Anyway, you'll be instructed to lie face down on a wooden plank on the top tier of the room and the treatment begins-- the guy giving you the platza (in my case, Viktor, who was awesome and friendly, I recommend him) will begin alternating between splashing you with cold water and beating you with a bundle of oak leaves-- which, of course, doesn't hurt. Then he'll start adjusting you, chiropractic style, and he'll massage you a bit. Then he'll have you lie on your back and repeat the process. You'll leave feeling refreshed, a bit dazed and little more flexible than when you arrived. 

Besides that, there's the more gently heated Turkish sauna, and the aromatherapy room (which is small and the steam gets so thick it's actually hard to see) where they use eucalyptus oil as a relaxant. There are some showers too, and then there's an ice cold 4 ft. pool that you can plunge into if you're feeling too hot (I couldn't last more than a few seconds though, it was painfully cold).   

There's also a simple locker and laundry system and you can safely deposit your valuables in a box behind the counter. I went during David's shift, and to be completely honest, the people who greeted me were really nice. I didn't stay for the food, though. Overall, I'm glad I gave this place a shot. I woke up feeling great this morning.
Where I went for shower before I took overnight bus back to office from New York to Toronto.... It is smaller than i thought. Legit business. Very steamy inside.
You leave your wallet and cell phone in a lock box at the front desk, and they'll give you a key to your box and a locker in the locker room. BYO swimsuit or use a robe they provide. Grab a towel on your way down and bring a water bottle - you'll need it. 

If you want to sweat it out and your gym doesn't have a sauna or steam room (or you don't have a gym), join the models, boxers, Hasids, Russians, and various hipsters and locals here for a dedicated sweat session. I love the Russian room the most - the hottest room where the scrubs happen - but you shouldn't start there. Warm up (ha) in one of the saunas or steam rooms before taking it on. After, jump in the cold pool. 

The restaurant has great food, juices, and beer if you want a break. Beer sounds like a bad idea when sweating profusely (or trying to sweat out last night's beer, as you'll overhear that many people are trying to do), but I've never been there without people drinking and smoking weed on the roof deck. 

There a often group deals for admission or admission and a massage. Definitely worth grabbing one and checking it out. As a warning, it is not for everyone. More on the scuzzy side than other high end spas, this is a neighborhood spot that feels more "community" than high end.
I purchased a Groupon for David's week (you can read about how the business is owned by 2 different people in other reviews -- this is an important issue for new customers) and made my first visit to Russian & Turkish Baths.  

As others have noted, this is certainly an older establishment which is both an asset and a liability in my opinion.  I thought the facilities were in good repair and generally clean; plus, you get to take part in a bit of NYC history.  I did think the water in the plunge pool could have been a bit cleaner and I wish they didn't hand out those awful brown colored towels.  Bring your own (waterproof) sandals as well, the free ones are a bit scary.  I loved the Russian Sauna - it is as hot as everyone says it is (roughly 200 degrees), but that is not a big deal if you do it right.  Just make sure you pour some cold water on yourself when it gets too hot.  The dry sauna was my second favorite room.  I didn't particularly care for the aromatherapy room.

I thought the crowd was generally very friendly, and that made the experience a lot more fun (and less awkward).  I didn't try the roof deck or restaurant, but I will make sure I do the next time I stop in.   I recommend watching out for the frequent Groupons.  I think the normal entry price of $35 is a bit steep unless you plan to make a day of it- but $16 via Groupon is just about right.
I love this unfussy, old world hot spot in New York. I try and get here at least once every time I go to New York for a shvitz. Don't expect soothing new age music or any fluffy towels and robes. This is a straight up place to detox and people watch. Get a treatment, plan on sweating, a lot; and relax, they clean the place every night. I'd suggest to the owners to upgrade a little with some new tile and paint, but I have to imagine the wear and tear on this facility is massive with the heat, water and people going through every day.
Not fancy but definitely hits the spot. Great for sweating off an aggresive night of drinking the night before.
Have you ever wanted to be beaten with oak leaves by a large Russian man in a large oven that literally bakes you alive? Would you like to have a Russian cook take give you a lot of attitude while taking your order, but still give you your food at a reasonable time? Would you plunge into a 37 degree F pool after toasting with a fine scent of cedar and wood?  If you've answered yes to all of these, then you'll definitely need to try out the Russian & Turkish Baths. 

Entering on the second floor, you're greeted by a small little kitchen and seating area with two TVs. The first floor is the locker rooms where they provide you with lockers, sandals, and towels. Definitely bring your own bathing suit. You leave your prized possessions with them at the front desk and you pay for everything at the very end.

Downstairs are the original bath houses that have been there for over 100 years.  The atmosphere and lighting of this place reminds me of Bond movie where some gang would hide out and torture people.  There are showers and small little heated rooms that can be slightly intimidating if you have an imagination.  The center pool is where most people sit to wait for their desired treatments. It's what I like to call the "blue beauty" because it makes everyone look magnificent and extremely photogenic when they splash into it (right after they open their mouths and give an inaudible grunt when they realized they've put their body into shock from jumping into almost freezing water).

There are a variety of treatments with salt, mud, and soap that are priced at $55 per person. They don't give couple massages, so don't even bother asking. Also, you'll be bare naked for all of the treatments so it can get into your skin and body.  Massages are very good, but as my friend has learned, do not challenge the masseuse to give you the firmest massage ever. Especially don't say "I mean it." You will probably be hit in the head multiple times.

The massage I got was the Platza Oak Leaf massage. This one was pretty unique in my experience. I like the hot and cold aspect of the whole thing because it easily cleared up my sinuses. The guy also does some back cracking moves that I feel has loosened my back nicely.

The sauna rooms are pretty small (holding 8-10 people), but I really enjoy the old rustic European feeling of the whole thing. It's certainly a surprise to see such a place in the heart of the East Village. I've actually decided to come here once every month or so to relax and open my pores a bit. Overall, it's not a ladies spa day, but I'm just a big fan.
More like 3.5 stars but I did really enjoy myself. I bought a Groupon for 1 Admission and 15 minutes of Platza (Oak Leaf) treatment a while ago and decided to use it today since it was such a nice sunny day. 

I came on a Co-Ed day and upon entering, you hand over all your valuables like keys, wallet, phone, etc to the staff behind the counter where they will safely put it in a safety box and you're given a key for your lock for the locker room storage (Don't worry about paying or taking your wallet with you as you pay in the end and if you need to buy anything, just give them your key number and they'll add it onto the system) There's both Men's and Women's Locker Room and two restrooms (one near the entrance and one inside Men's lockerroom...not sure about Women's locker room). The locker room is nothing fancy, a bit dingy and definitely 'old-world'. After stripping down to your swimshorts/boardshorts/basketball shorts, head out and you get yourselves some (get at least 2-3) towels (located just outside the locker room) and head downstairs to the sauna.

Down at the sauna, you'll find a plunge pool and different rooms: Russian Room, Steam Room, Aromatherapy Room, Redwood Room, Turkish Room, and some massage rooms. My favorite was the Russian Room as it's dangerously HOT in there but there's a 'well" and a faucet that has cold water running all the time with big buckets for you to 'pour' cold water on you to cool you off. The sensation of having cold water poured down on your body in a dangerously HOT room is so refreshing and feels so damn good.

Just FYI, for people with GROUPON, you'll have to go find the Russian guy "Victor" or other masseur to do the massages or Platza treatment. I recommend the Platza treatment since it's one-of-a-kind of experience while massages you can get anywhere around the city. Victor is a big friendly guy with a thick Russian accent that will take care of you and lead you through the entire 'treatment'. I was lead into the Russian Room where the Platza takes place and laid down while he hit and scrubbed me with Oak leafs (don't worry it DOESN'T hurt!!) He then gave me some sort of a back massage which made my back crack and felt so damn good and massages parts of my arms and legs which definitely helped with my achy back I've been dealing with for the past two weeks and threw buckets of cold water on me several times. The last process is to head out and jump into the icy cold Plunge pool, I did, it was sooo COOOOLD but at the same time such an exhilarating feeling!! 

After the treatment, went in and out of different steam and sauna rooms and proceeded to head upstairs to the Roof deck. Before heading upstairs, I ordered some food from the restaurant and when I told them I'll be up in the roof deck, they told me they'll bring the food up for me!! Sweet!!! To make the experience authentic, I ordered one of their Russian specialties the Siberian Pilmeny, which are beef dumplings with sour cream and spicy Russian mustard. To drink, I got the "Liver Cleaner" which contained Carrots, Beets, Celery, Cucumbers, and Lemon'

I head upstairs to the roof and find a cozy little backyard terrace with sundeck chairs (again not fancy but works). It definitely had a very East Village New-Yorky and fun 'backyard' kind of atmosphere which added onto the charm. I put down a towel and laid out in the sun and took an hour nap and woke up so refreshed!!! Oh yeah, and you're allowed to smoke up there too ;) My food arrived in about 10 minutes and the dumplings were pretty good and the spicy mustard was definitely "SPICY" like in a "wasabi" spicy kind of way. Downside was that the juice didn't contain any ice and was warm so it kind of tasty yucky despite the healthy ingredients.

I suggest you come early around 12pm when there's not much people and more quieter because after 3pm, I saw many people up on the roof and the sauna got busier. The crowd is fairly mixed. Russians, Europeans, some Asians, Blacks, Whites, Hipsters, Gays, Oldies, Tourists, etc. Most of the crowd seemed like young professionals though.

My total came out to $20 with $5 tip for Victor, $6 for dumplings, $3 for bottled water, and $6 for the Juice. It was definitely a different and interesting experience and I felt so spoiled as a Korean since  all Korean saunas or jimjilbangs are luxury compared to this place lol Would definitely recommend to do it once if you live in NYC!!

***TIP***

-Make sure you bring your bathing suit or swimwear (especially during Co-Ed) days.

-Before entering the Russian Room, buy a large bottle of water (I believe it's like $3 or something for a large Poland Spring Water bottle) and take it with you into the sauna. When it gets too hot, pour a bucket of cold water onto your entire body and drink water from your bottle, you'll experience 'HEAVEN' for a second ;)

-I wouldn't get the juice here...would rather go to Liquiteria nearby and get a REAL Juice after you head out of the place
Went here on a Groupon for entry and a platza. The bathhouse itself wasn't that fantastic, but the platza was a life-changing experience!

For those who have never been to a Russian bathhouse, don't expect a spa experience. Bathhouses are exactly what they sound like-- public baths, with saunas, steam rooms, and showers. This one is very small, with two steam rooms (one of them an "aromatherapy" room, although I didn't smell any great aromas in there) and three saunas-- a moderate wooden sauna, a hotter Turkish sauna, and the hottest, the Russian sauna. There is also a freezing cold pool that is fun to jump in after a few minutes in the hottest saunas.

The platza was definitely my favorite part. I had to go and find the guy to do it, rather than him finding me, so it ended up being 30 minutes after my original appointment. When I found him he led me wordlessly to the Russian sauna, and told me to lay face-down on the highest step. He then poured water over me and beat my back and feet with soapy tree branches. After a few minutes, he started pulling my legs and arms to stretch them out, and cracked my back a few times. Then I flipped onto my back, and did the same thing. The platza ended with him surprise-dumping two buckets of ice cold water over my head, then telling me to jump into the ice pool. Finally, he covered my face with a mud mask. It was a weird experience, and definitely a little bit invasive, but I LOVED it. I felt so refreshed from the hot sauna and the ice water, and my skin was beautiful after the mud mask. 

I'm taking off one star for the dinginess of the place (and no showers in the locker room), and I wouldn't recommend going there at full price. For a less third-world experience, I'd recommend Sandoony in Brooklyn, which is much more spacious and clean. But I still had a great time and would highly recommend the platza. Also be sure to get the delicious borscht and some of the fresh-squeezed juices afterwards!
It was the best $154 I ever spent. ($35 to enter, $99 scrub/mud/rub, $20 tip). I have told my friends in Texas the story and they LOVE it. It was worth it to own this experience and get drunk and tell it over and over. DO NOT expect "the spa" treatment. Treat it as an episode of Seinfeld and you'll have a blast!
This was a great time!  I brought half a dozen guys here during a bachelor party, having never been there before.  While the beginning was a bit jarring (the proprietor shouting at us to give him our valuables and "not make trouble" sketched me out a little bit), overall the experience was very memorable.  The saunas are great, and there are cheap drinks and a wide variety of extras (mud treatments, massages, etc.) if you're into that.
I've been trying to do new things in NYC outside of stuffing my face and running the streets (and/or stumbling down them) so my friend and I decided to try out the Russian Turkish bath in the East Village on 10th St.  I'm VERY open to new experiences like letting fish eat my feet, chowing down on guinea pig and jumping off very tall bridges, but I have to say when you first walk into this place it's a little disconcerting because everything looks a little old and decrepit.  

But once you start to wander from room to room you start to kind of get into it (everyone is in bathsuits ps).  You realize that the people all kind of know each other like you've walked into this secret club of hot yogis (HOT yogis).  My favorite room was the "Game of Thrones" room (the Russian Sauna on the website).  It's filled with over 20,000 lbs. of rock which are cooked overnight. When it gets unbearable there is a little "sink" filled with ice cold water that you can pail on top of yourself.  SO COLD yet AMAZING.  I also recommend dousing the towel they give you and wrapping it around your head and body wet.  It will dry in seconds.

During the summer the sundeck must also be an amazing add-on to just sit out in the sun and laze, although it was a little cold this time of year.

I had a little trouble with the heat but after visiting the baths I went for a 3 mile run that it was nothing.  I felt more energized than I have in forever.  I want a monthly membership.
Russian & Turkish Baths...

This place is unique. My experience with the front desk staff is they are like the people at a busy deli during lunch time: They are ready to get you through, but you should know what you want by the time you get to the front of the line.

The place is interesting and an experience not to be missed. 

There are some crazy rules around the two different owners of this place. So make sure you plan ahead if you are trying to redeem a special, or use a card. 

There are several saunas and steam rooms but the real draw is the Russian Sauna room.

Do NOT come here looking for a fru-fru spa experience. It isn't that.

Do come here if:

You want to experience a really really hot sauna. I mean HOT. Like medieval hot! It is like being in a furnace (with the same vibe). Ice cold water is available to dump over your head to help you extend your stay. It feels like your heart is going to stop when you do that first splash.

The cold water pool is cold. Really cold.

I have never tried the services, so I can't speak to those.
Went here on a Sunday afternoon with a voucher from Travelzoo. Wasn't sure what to expect.

Per other reviews, this place is no frills. Def bring your own sandels or buy some - you won't want to be barefoot. Walk in and they give you a lockbox and locker and send you on your way. It is a little confusing, but I found that other guests were really helpful, and staff around the place was fine too.

Grabbed towels and headed down to the baths, still a little unsure. Started checking out the rooms and seeing what people were doing, and eventually really got the hang of it! It's like a yogi convention on Sundays - SUPER packed (people were waiting for lockers even at one point) so be sure to know you will have little personal space while you're nearly naked in a dark hot room. But people handed us salts and scrubs, someone was getting smacked with leaves, people wrapped in mud walking around ... all in these really interesting steam/sauna/hot rocks rooms. Felt amazing, must say, but very loud and social - not at ALL a spa environment. Again, Sunday is supposedly their busiest day, so keep that in mind.

After a couple of hours I felt great and like a pro. Had so much fun chatting with people, observing and just letting go. All the hot bodies in the place even inspired me to hit the pavement and run that night.

Will def try this place again - so fun! Join the mailing list for discounts.
I went here on a first date with my husband, so I have a biased opinion, but I really like this place. If you are a world traveler and like adventure, this place is for you. It is not a great place for people who like posh spas, as its a bare bones establishment. But, that is what I like about it--its rawness and unpretentious attitude. You will feel like you have been transported to another country and get super relaxed and detoxed while you're at it.
Going here is like going to Russia. In 1982. 

Like all other yelpers pointed out - this is a no-frills bathhouse. Yes - it could use some maintenance and updating (the locker rooms are cramped and the floor there needs a good scrubbing) and the front desk staff could try to appear less blaze and apathetic (especially the girl, jeez). 

The baths themselves (or the basement where they are located) made me feel like I was in a human car wash. Guys in robes pouring out huge industrial-grade buckets full of soapy water all over the floor, refilling them, leaves from the oak brushes all over the place. The metal stalls are also very industrial. All this in weird twilight accompanied by loud exchanges in Russian. 

The actual steam rooms were great. I left rejuvenated and energized. I got the oak leaf platza, which left my skin super-smooth. Try it! It's an experience! Also, while in the Russian steam room - nothing wakes you up more than a bucket of icy water after some serious sweating!

This definitely isn't a place for germophobes. I did see some gross black splotches of mold on the ceiling by the bathrooms. Also, my fiance got RINGWORM from our visit! Yeah, I know steam rooms is exactly where that kind of bacteria thrive, but note to customers - if you have an easily spreadable FUNGUS INFECTION - don't effing go to a public bath house!!!

Overall, I'd say it was an eerie but positive experience. Don't expect too much in terms of ambiance, but the steam rooms and saunas definitely leave you feeling good.


Two side notes: 
I went on a co-ed day and around 75% of the customers were men. 

I tried the food at the little cafe - good and reasonably priced. But again - the staff could try to be a little more friendly. I asked the guy working there what he recommended and he couldn't be less helpful.
Well, I had fun! This place is weird and different, which is what I wanted and got. My actual tolerance for the saunas? Not as high as I had anticipated. I had some trouble breathing, particularly in the aromatherapy room--but I've had that problem before at gym saunas, so it's not like I shouldn't have expected it. My favorite sauna was the room where you dump buckets of cold water on yourself, and I loved the ice cold dunking pool. All in all, pretty awesome.
I love this place. 

I went for the first time this past weekend and was so pleasantly surprised that I immediately bought more visits. Went on a co-ed day, brought the boyfriend, was skeptical. Slightly claustrophobic atmosphere but the ice cold pool quickly eradicates that. It'll take the breath out of you so... expect it.

Scheduled a platza treatment with a SUPER friendly and cheery dude. He told me to "take sauna and steam, and then platza" so I did. I ventured into the Russian room to scope it out before committing to the treatment being performed in there. I thought it was insanely hot so I opted for the treatment stall instead. I think this is a good introduction to the banya world. After spending about 3 or so hours here, and lots of time in the Russian room, I quickly realized that you get used to the heat and will definitely opt for having the treatment there next time. The platza itself is awesome, try it.

Very casual, not creepy. Grab the salt, use the salt, your skin will love you. The cold pool is intimidating but it gets easier, its worth it. Just jump in.
It was an amazing time. We jumped into the freezing pool and then into the Russian Room. We went backwards. After the first round we started from the left end Aromatherapy Room to Russian Room which was mild to more intense. If you want to take a break, you can go outside and lay out in your bikini and you wont feel cold at all! They offer massages $55 for an hour and skincare treatments. I didn't think the massage was worth it. I get a better massage at home. They have a small kitchen for you to order food. We ordered the dumplings, borsch soup and stuffed red pepper. Everything was so good! Overall experience was fun and relaxing. I felt sleepy after leaving the place. Would definitely come back for the sauna!
A completely unexpected great time. Went on a Sunday co-ed day for a few hours in the early afternoon with a few friends. Definitely all ages, but mostly people in their 20s were there. It seems like a social place, if you're interested in meeting new people. Very comfortable, laid back atmosphere. Everyone just goes about their own business. Whether you want to hang out on the roof deck, or in one of the sauna rooms, everything is comfortable. It's an interesting experience. Quality of the sauna's is great - definitely had a few great sweats in the multiple rooms with a rinse in the cold pool in between. Fun time, I'll defs go back. (4 stars because i think it should be enforced that people take 10 second showers before rinsing in the cold pool to get the sweat off) Also - friends drank some of the carrot/ginger juice and thoroughly enjoyed it. I heard the food was great there, 2.
I'm a big sauna fan, and have always wanted to try a more traditional bathhouse.  I had seen this place a few times on TV or heard about it on the internet and decided to finally give it a go. 

It did live up to all my expectations. Simple, affordable, gets the job done in a Russian accent. Some of the other reviews mentioned that they assume you are a returning customer so do not explain the process, but there is enough traffic going on that you can just follow the lead of the person ahead of you. 

They give you a key to your safety deposit box behind the front counter that also goes to your locker in the locker room. Any food, drinks or services get charged to your locker number, and you pay at the end. The $35 basic charge gets you access to the facilities (2 wet Turkish steam rooms, one dry sauna, one super hot Russian sauna, one aroma therapy steam room and the ice cold dipping pool,) there are robes, shorts, towels and sandals to use (although there were also plenty of people in bathing suits, shorts, or workout attire) they have showers, and give you a disposable razor for a shave, soap and shaving cream also available free of charge.

I went on a coed day, and as some of the other reviewers said, it was very comfortable. Pretty packed house, but no judgement, just a bunch of people sweating together engaging in conversation. The Russian room was my favorite, it is the largest room and by far the hottest, hotter than any sauna I have ever been in, they have buckets and taps running ice cold water to keep dousing yourself with to not overheat. 

I only ordered a water from the cafe when I was done but they do offer a wide range of beers, as well as small plates of food, many traditional fare all very low priced. I did not partake in any of the specialty treatments, but every half hour or so I was asked if I wanted a massage or a scrub, there are private rooms available for that. There is also an outdoor rooftop area as well as a small sitting area to eat inside.

Overall a very good experience, and I would go back... and here is part of the reason why, the following conversation that ensued when I was paying... 

**hands the man behind the counter $35 cash not requiring change**

Me: "Thank you."
Borris: "You geeve me 20 dollarz for next vizet."
Me: "No thanks."
Borris: "Geeve me 20 dollarz!"
Me: "No, I'm good, thank you."
Borris: "You geeve me 20 dollarz or I shoot you in back on your way out of here."

**hands Borris $20**

Borris: "You see, 20 dollarz is much better deal than 35 dollarz. Have good night."

I got a good laugh, and he was right, he knew I wanted to come back, and it was a better price. Most likely will make this a weekly or at least every 2 week visit.
I have been desperate to try a banya, and was excited when my friend agreed to go to the Russian & Turkish Baths with me! I'm going to give a bit of detail, because as a newbie, I would have appreciated someone telling me exactly what to expect!

The experience is... well, an experience, for sure! You go in, and give your valuables to the employee at the desk. The girl asked if it was our first time; I told her yes, expecting her to give a whole explanation of everything, but she was basically like, "The baths are downstairs." Luckily there were ladies in the locker room who gave us a little more info (like, where to get towels, etc). NEWBIE HINT: Towels are outside the locker room, so if you're shy, grab towels first. Go in and change, then head downstairs (you have to walk back out into the main area to go downstairs). NEWBIE HINT: Bring your own flip flops! They have them there (in the lockers) but, imo, ew. Also, you can bring your own bottle of water, which is nice (and recommended!)

After psyching ourselves up, we scurried out in our swimsuits and tiny brown towels (as someone else said, brown towels don't exactly scream "clean.") We also grabbed giant robes, but you lose these fast downstairs (people clear away the laundry pretty regularly).

The downstairs was crowded. Any shyness dissipated in the crowded sauna area. People of all body types are wearing all sorts of swim suits. Almost every woman was in a bikini, and many guys were in... well... half a bikini. The layout is basically a big room with a small pool in the middle. There are several doors for the different saunas. Employees wander about offering services, so if you want a massage or platza or something, just kind of stand around looking helpless. NEWBIE HINT: hover near the rooms labeled "massage," to the right of the entrance. If you have our luck, a boisterous man named Victor will come up, call you Princess, ask what you want, high five you when you say "platza," and then give you a handful of salt. :?

We did a couple of the small saunas (NEWBIE HINT: the redwood sauna is a good place to start), then had our platza. Victor brought us one at a time into the Russian bath. Wow. You are on the top (hottest) bench, but you're sandwiched between wet towels, so it's not horrible. And he regularly splashes cold water on you. Then you get invigorated (lightly beaten) with a bushel of branches and leaves, as well as soapy water and oils. In addition to the platza, you get stretched and massaged. It's a great experience and worth every penny. 

Afterwards, screw your courage to the sticking place and scurry into the icy pool. Then you'll get a mud treatment on your face and you just sit and relax. 

After we first went into the Russian room, we were like, "never again." But after a few minutes, we realized how good we were feeling, and... why the heck not?! Back in! The Russian room is so friendly! People will offer to pour cold water on you, and I feel like if we had been there longer, we would have made friends. It was very different from the sauna experience I grew up with, which was one of quiet contemplation. This is a boisterous social experience.

Another icy dunk, and then we went upstairs to change. We ordered dumplings and beer from the restaurant (you just give your locker number and they charge you). We wandered upstairs to the rooftop tables. It was super nice. NEWBIE HINT: Don't get changed if you go to the roof. We were the only people in full clothes.  

Overall, this place had a friendly, old-world feel, even if it wasn't quite as Russian as I expected (most people were speaking English). The facilities kind of had an age to them, which some could interpret as uncleanliness, but think about it: this place has been around the 1890s. If you're expecting a luxury spa treatment, you're in for a culture shock. Think of it more as a specialized YMCA. As for me, I had a great experience, and I really can't wait to go back!
I've deducted one star because there are thieves in the locker room. I've never had to watch my belongings so much. Fortunately you can give the desk attendant your pocket valuables--in fact, it's very important that you do. I've never had any cash missing from the front desk personal safe but I've had clothing stolen from the locker room.

I've never had a massage or any service like that here but I've seen men get slapped with branches and scrubbed pretty hard. Yeah, that's not for me. 

The handful of times I've been here, I've gravitated to the dark, large sauna with the more hygienic, dry air rather than the steam rooms.  It's like being in a big, medieval oven. Then a quick shower rinse (there's never a long wait in my experience) and then the freezing cold pool. The cold is so challenging; all I can think about is surviving it as long as possible which is only a few seconds.

Certain times are better than others.. Check the schedule for the men/women/clothing rules. 

One winter night we went to the roof and, as steam radiated off me like smoke, feeling light-headed and incredibly relaxed, I saw a shooting star! Very memorable, trippy experience.
good spot to sweat out some stress and relax... no one bothers you and friendly staff.
To reiterate what Karla F. said -- THIS IS NOT A SPA.  Again -- THIS IS NOT A SPA.  If you don't go in with inflated expectations, you will enjoy it.  

I came here the first time maybe 23 years ago, when there were no co-ed hours.  There were women of all ages and body types, naked and unselfconcious, enjoying the steam and saunas.  Downtown hipsters (this was before they all moved to Brooklyn) mixed with wrinkled grandmothers, and it was relaxed and fun.

I don't remember exactly when they started having co-ed hours, but it did change the ambience a bit.  For one thing, you had to wear a bathing suit, and the vibe is different when you have men and women there at the same time.  For another thing, they had to divide the already small dressing area in half so each could have their own side.  Pity.

When you enter, stop at the front desk -- you will receive a metal box in which to store your valuables.  They lock it up and give you the key, along with another key for a locker where you'll keep your clothes.  It's all worn on a rubber band which people keep on their wrist or ankle -- your choice.  Leave your clothes in the locker and grab a robe and towel if you want -- I don't bother with those until I'm taking a break to eat, because they'll just get wet in the bath area (you can get more towels later if you want -- they're not rationed).

The robes are tattered and the towels are worn, but if those things are important to you, go to a SPA spa, e.g., Bliss, Elizabeth Arden.  They provide one-size-fits-all rubber sandals (which will not fit if you have small feet like me); bring your own flip flops if you want.  Proceed down the narrow stairs where the fun begins.

There are several small dry saunas and steam rooms (including an aromatherapy one which I really like) but the main draw is the Russian sauna at the end of the room.  It's like a dimly-lit, really hot cave.  Sit on a bench and soak up the heat.  When you can't bear it any longer, stand up, grab a bucket filled with cold water and dump the contents over your head.  The shock to your system induces a feeling that I can't describe, but it's intensely enjoyable.  Repeat a bunch of times.  Go out and jump in the icy cold plunge pool, but don't linger because your heart might stop.  Get back into the sauna.  When you get tired and hungry, take a break and get a snack upstairs, where the food is pretty good IMO.  In nice weather you can eat upstairs on the outside deck (very utilitarian -- don't expect comfy chaise longues).

I can't comment on the massages or platza because they've never interested me.  I go elsewhere for massages.  I come here just for the schvitzing, and I've not been disappointed.  I recently brought my two daughters, ages 19 and 14, for the first time.  The older one didn't like it, the younger one did (the older one is at the stage of life where she has a genuinely perfect body, but she's also very shy,and she felt weird being in such close quarters with, as she put it, "a bunch of almost naked, sweaty, hairy men" (but seriously, they don't misbehave in there).  If you are like her, best to go at times reserved for women only.  My 14 year old is more adventurous and after first thinking that it was the most bizarre place ever, she loved it.  And there was something intangibly sweet about introducing the next generation to something that I've enjoyed for so long (even if not that often since I moved uptown)

To sum up, this place offers a unique experience -- it's an institution that has been  in NYC for 120 years.  If you are a visitor here, you should try it out, but I think there are many, many long time residents who've never ventured in (it may seem mysterious and intimidating to the uninitiated) and they really should. 

P.S.  This may be of interest to some -- on my most recent visit, I came away 4 lbs. lighter.  Water weight, sure -- but I'll take it.
Let me help some of y'all out:

THIS IS NOT A SPA.

I don't know why people go to a place called "Russian & Turkish Baths" expecting a luxury spa experience!

Now, for my review.

This was my first time at a Russian bath house. I went with my mom and had a great time. We thought we were going on Women Only day, but it was a holiday, so it was co-ed. No problem, we had bikinis with us as back up.

We arrived at about 10am. It was busy, but not over-crowded. The saunas were fantastic and it was awesome to slowly rotate through each of them. I am always to chicken to do the cold plunge (and this one is actually chilled, not just cold!). But I did get in up to my knees before I lost all feeling in my feet and retreated (personal best!)

The best part was chatting with the old german and russian ladies who are clearly regulars as we lounged on the benches outside the rooms. Lots of raunchy jokes and delightfully inappropriate anti-male subject matter.

After we had sufficiently sauna'd ourselves, we showered and headed upstairs for lunch. We both had western omelets and a fresh-made juice. Both were awesome.

This place is old, the locker rooms are dark and run-down (but not dirty, as others have reported). The stairs to the hot rooms are steep and a little precarious. None of that took away from the experience.

I didn't have any of the special treatments this time. I probably won't - I generally go to the spa for that kind of stuff.

We had a great time and I plan to go back often.

If you want to get your detox on in a low-key, low-frills, chill atmosphere, then this is your spot. If you want to be treated like you're at a spa - go to a spa.

Tips: if you bring your own flip-flops, do not bring platform ones like one idiot had on and slipped and slid all over the place. Making the rest of us ladies look bad on co-ed day.
Tip: Keep a look-out for specials running on Livingsocial, KGB deals, groupon etc.  all valid David's shift only. The entry w/massage packages are well worth the $40.  You're better off coming in early or on the late side if you want to miss the crowds, or for that matter skipping the weekends.
I love it here. no frills hot baths. just returned from a very relaxing sunday morning hot cold nirvana like experience. I mostly use the larger steam room and the oven room and cold plunge pool. all those were great for me.
I've been going to this place for 20 years and love it for what it is, and what it isn't:  it isn't a luxury spa. What it is is a down-home, get your sweat on, old school Eastern European bath house. The food is terrific, even if the staff is pushy and the massages not-so-great. The dual ownership also makes purchasing multiple visits a bit inconvenient. Regardless, this place is a New York classic, and I'll always have a soft spot for it in my heart.
I've been here 4x and yeah I give it 4 stars.  This is a must list if you plan to go

-Bring your own slippers
-Bring a 1.5 liter of water.
-Bring a bathing suit
-Old & grimy (think gulag of some sort) can't bother you. yeah maybe a tad dirty  haha
-On men's only schedule, you better not be bother by of tons of naked men.  In general (even on co-ed days), tons of people walking around nearly naked in close proximity can't bother you.  

I am a native NYer, so it does take a lot to gross me out.  I am not there for bells & whistles.  I am not there to make new friends. I am there to boil like a lobster there & get out.  If that  is your thing, this is the place to go.  I've been to places where its simply not hot enough for my muscles to loosen up.  So I zone out all the common complaints here on yelp which is pretty much true..  There is old people, ugly people, naked people, grimy corners, dirty, dark, blah blah...all doesn't bother me.  I come in, bake my muscles up, shower & leave.  Oh yeah there is a cold pool which helps me sorta ice down my swollen muscles.

yeah u can see the pic up on yelp.  Its really really old & looks like it belongs on a musuem.  It does have a old charm that comes with it. I am sure many people don't appreciate it & much prefer the modern SPA environment.  Yeah I give it 4 stars bc this place isn't pretentious & its barebones place.  Its no fancy pants spa...heck its not even a spa in my mind.  

I did try the massage twice.  Its pretty barebones & does the job too. I am sure people expect more but as you may guess from my writings so far, I am pretty active in sports.  Yeah this isn't a "spa" at all.  I felt it it was a beat down of a massage than anything & you know what?  It all worked out for me since my muscles are all loose from the guy stepping all over my back.  A good massage is suppose to hurt a little but the comfort is post massage & the next day.....its utter heaven.  I observe many people who get massages are pretty regular goers.

I have two general complaints. One is it can get crowded on weekends.  I felt like I was in nyc subway with naked men; not very fun. I've been on weekdays where its almost totally empty which was awesome.  Also  the David verses Boris shift. Yeah there is diff shifts posted there & on their website.  So if you buy a multi package, its for one of the shifts. Yeah its rather annoying to look up & schedule around it
I'm giving this five stars because of the experience. I'd give it three stars for facility and ambiance. It's awesome. I love banyas and I frequent Banya5 in Seattle. This place has very little in common with the Banya5 experience. 10th Street Baths is old, salty, ethnically diverse, cluttered, dirty, cramped, hot as hell, and totally interesting. I was transfixed, but not relaxed. It feels like a perfecting setting for an Eastern Promises scene. I would definitely go back, but I would not be interested in attending this banya on a regular basis.
Dirty, dingy, with rude staff and extra powerful hot steam room, this place is perfect for my taste, and cures any hangover in minutes. I haven't tried the food there, but from the looks of it, it does not look very appetizing. Words of advise - if you want to get the platza done you should bring your own set of branches (easily available online or at any Russian store), and have your friend perform the service. If it sounds like its too much hustle, the hustling boys at the Russian Bath House do a fantastic job, though charge for it handsomely.
Not a luxury spa, keep that in mind.

This is a real, old school bath house.  I visited on co-ed day (or one of the days) and had a great time.  It was a little crowded, but there was always room in the steam rooms and showers.  It was reasonably clean, but had clearly been around for a while.

Logistics:  There are three levels, the entry is the middle and has a deli, a small lounge, and the dressing rooms.  The lower level has the bath stuff, there is a cold pool, several steam rooms, and a dry sauna.  No hot pool.  The top level is a roof deck or something where you can lounge, smoke, or eat.  The cost of entry gets you a locker, towels, and loaner flip flops.

Other spa services were available, but didn't check those out.  I wish I had one of these in my hood back in CA.
have not been in a while but it is the place to go when you need to unwind. Clean environment and friendly patrons.
As others have said, there is nothing fancy, pretentious or trendy about this place. It's a NYC institution that's been around since your grandparents came here from the old country. 

I've been going for years now with a group of girlfriends and think it awesome. Ideal if you want to sweat out the stress of the workweek or a night of partying. Never underestimate the power of a good schvitz! 

The massages are great too but take a little getting used to. There's a couple of muscle-bound Russians who look scary but are actually quite sweet. They will crack your back and really work your knotted muscles if that's what you need. While they're strictly on the up & up there, at times I also crave sensual tender touch, and follow up the Russian Baths experience with a more "intimate" massage at herprivatepleasures further up town. There are not many respectable places that cater to women's pleasure in this way, so it's a good place to know if you want to end up happy ;-). But I digress ...

At 10th Street, I'd also recommend the platza treatment which is a type of whipping with a birch branch that exfoliates and aids circulation. Even without a treatment, alternating between the steam room, the wet sauna, the dry heat sauna, the cool pool and jacuzzi will leave you feeling rejuvenated. 

But make sure to constantly drink water. And when not in the hot tub or pool, keep a towel over your head to regulate your body's temperature and keep yourself hydrated. The only downside I'd give this place is that it could be a bit cleaner. But that shouldn't keep you away.
I love this place. I've been going here for the past 10 years. I'd love to offer some thoughts if you've never been, as it will ensure that everyone has a good time.

1) This is not a gym. It's also not a sports bar. It's also not a holiday office party. It's a place where folks go to disconnect, to relax, to wind down and to take advantage of the many healthy benefits to sitting in a steam room or sauna. 

2) Please SHUT UP when you are here. Seriously, SHUT UP. Nobody wants to hear about your start up company, or how wasted you got last night. No one wants to hear about where you're going to eat afterwards, or what's wrong with your family. We are all sitting in a huge acoustic cavern and when you talk with your outside voice, it's very disturbing. So SHUT UP. Speak quiet, or whisper to your friends. Have a little respect.

3) If you've never been to the bath house, then go on a weekEND. The weekends are the worst time to go, because it's crowded and it's loud and full of folks who ruin it for everyone else. So, if you're going for your first time ( because you found a deal on Groupon or Living Social )--go on the weekend so you can see how truly horrible it is when folks can't behave.

4) SHUT UP.

5) Enjoy this place. It's awesome.
This place isn't fancy, but it is authentic. Wear your own sandals and try to keep track of your own robe and towel. 

After you've sweat to the point of passing out, head to the roof for some cool, fresh air and a nap on the lounge furniture. Hits the spot.
Exactly what you need to rip the hangover right out through your pores. Kinda creepy at first, but you get used to it. Think 'Eastern Promises' without the naked guys fighting you.

As an aside- Best smoothies ever.
The only other bathhouse I've ever been to was in Korea when I was very young, so it wasn't a major culture shock, but I went on a friday afternoon when it appeared to be predominantly men and I was hoping to get naked ;) the various sauna rooms are great as described by others, but I found the Russian room the hottest and could only stay an extra 30 seconds every time I splashed myself with the water (which felt incredibly amazing every time I did it). I really liked the Turkish room and it felt the most comfortable for me.  The steam room smells so fabulous but I had to wear a towel over my head to create a mini breathing block in order to hang out for more extended periods of time. I'm a wimp and the heat was hard for me to stand but I took lots of breaks and jumped in the ice cold pool in between which may have been the best parts of the experience.  I got a massage which was awkward at first because the lights were on, strange music was playing, my masseuse was a muscley guy that looked like he might be part of the russian mob, and the first thing he said to me was "do you mind if i take your top off."  I have had many massages in my time- all usually naked, but with a blanket and mostly on my back, but this massage experience was very different because he cracked my back and stepped on me and flipped me over a few times where I got to see him and have uncomfortable eye contact over my chest (there was nothing covering me).  That said I would definitely get another massage there but probably ask for a tiny towel to cover my chest while I'm flipped over - it was a great experience for my back and I love that my lungs could sustain the weight of a muscly man stepping on me.  After we hung out on the roof patio which was really nice and you can meet a lot of interesting people and listen to music by messiahsez if you're lucky.  They also have food and beer so you could potentially hang out all day long. I definitely want to try out ladies only and the platza next time I go.
This is a strictly no frills bachelor style... (hm, I can't even bring myself to use the word spa) type of place. It's one of the few places that is still East Village Authentic, by that I mean 1900 East Village Authentic. It's got that 3rd world charm working for it in a big way. The people who work there are strictly business. So- if you're looking for mints on your pillow, gentle massages, water fountains trickling in the background and lotus sprinkled throughout the halls- don't come here. 

With all that said, I love the place. After a couple trips to the Russian room- and some jumps in the cold pool you'll feel relaxed and your skin will look much better. For the adventurous- try the Platza!
So emphatic were some Yelpers' diatribes about this establishment that I walked into a co-ed Saturday session fully expecting to be disgusted, sexually assaulted, and flogged in a grimey dungeon of slime. I also steeled myself for a staff full of assholes and theft. At the very least, I expected to endure rubbing skin with hipsters and perverts.

However, on this crisp end-of-summer day, my Canadian companion and I had a good feeling upon locating the building with its clean, steep stairway to the door. 

At the front desk, which faced off with the affordable menu of Russian food provided by the in-house cafe (too bad we arrived stuffed with Filipino food), a normal if bored looking duo greeted us. The man was so kind as to look up my Yelp Vouchers since I'd forgotten to bring with me. The woman pulled two long steel drawers out of a locking cabinet and told us to place "only [our] wallets" inside, but she let my friend place a high priced digital camera in there for safekeeping anyway.

Onward to the lockers, which were Soviet-style, if you will, given their formidable black color and the long, steel U-locks hanging from the doors by chains. But the only true surprise here was that the room was TINY! I wondered how they could accommodate the popularity, then reasoned that only certain people must get the urge to spend time in a bath house like this at any given time. 

Conveniently, the numbers and keys of our wallet cubbies corresponded to the numbers on our lockers. There were three bright plastic hangers for proper storage of our clothing, and a pair of used rubber granny slippers neatly placed in the bottom. Cringing, I slipped my feet into the footwear. After all, it was probably better than the floor?

Accidentally ignoring the gigantic sign (appreciated later) commanding us to wear shorts because it was co-ed day, we walked down the regular building stairwell to the basement. Also tiny. My eyes immediately went towards a sunken, 4 foot rectangle of blue water right in the center. A couple oily looking guys with nice abs sat around on a tiled bench at the side of the pool. I couldn't tell if this was the ice cold pool or not; the slightly murky water gave the impression of warmth. 

Well, folks, the water was certifiably FREEZING. Not even the Atlantic on New Year's day was as cold, and after I climbed out from the steps, the cold moved upwards with a delayed reaction, delivering an ice cream headache in both my legs. Awesome. It helped us breathe, anyway.

The Redwood Sauna was plain sauna. No B.O. - thank god. A regular yammered on about how J-Lo and Puff Daddy started their relationship in there, and how Al Capone used to hang out there. I was more excited by another dude's sighting of Jeremy Sisto.

The Aromatherapy Sauna was wood like a normal sauna, but had slightly more steam, which delivered the slight scent of eucalyptus or menthol to the nostrils. Since the room was murderously hot, though, the vapors didn't aid breathing much. A couple times, I got psyched out and went outside or pulled the lever for the cool water shower dispersed from above the doorway. The steam room was like any other, only far hotter. 

Yes, men walked in and asked if we wanted massages, but a mere averting of the eyes sent them on their merry way. At least they had nice abs and silver chains, as foreign men are wont to have; their visits were no skin off our backs. 

In the stone-lined Russian Room, we witnessed a burly man swathed like a Trappist Monk platza-ing the shit out of a slight man in a speedo. A bubbly formula covered the prone man's flesh. Both men were faced away from us, so we had to imagine their expressions from their dual grunts of exertion/relief as the oak leaf whisk bore down again and again. I tried to sit down to really get into it, but burned the hell out of my ass on the rocks. So much for the living Dan Brown novel.

The ice pool became a quick fave; I visited the other rooms just so I could tolerate the frigid plunge once more. One woman, who'd decided to forgo any clothing save a loincloth of burnt ochre house towels, sat rubbing herself with a mud and seaweed mix. I sidestepped her to drink from the sink (forget the $3 bottles upstairs), which had a few cans of shaving cream on its counter.

We finished with the Swedish shower; what you'd find in a '70s public high school gym. some people kept the doors wide open. Others washed off their mud masques so the drain took on a Psycho-like appearance. One dude shut his door but made no secret of his moans under the showerhead.

Feeling mellow, we exited with no drama. A couple days later, an anoonymous individual behind the russianturkishbaths@gmail.com was extremely patient in helping me purchase a gift certificate and fusing it to my remaining voucher to present to a friend and his boyfriend.

I may not become a regular, but call me a respectful fan.

P.S. Shifts: http://www.russianturkishbaths.com/enter.html
When I bought a pass card someone from the Boris shift told me I could ignore the dates on the back of the card, then the following week I show up with the card and People from David's shift were screaming at me pissed off saying that that Person who sold me the card was a Lier??

Having That said, it is not the cleanest fancier place that I have been,
 but  I highly recommend if you wanna go for a no frills  Schwitz .

ps. bring your own toiletries e be ready to change in the tiniest locker room.
This place is not a spa. It's kind of divey, super casual and many creepers like to creep here. But I really love it. 

I usually come here with girlfriends for a fun, relaxing night out. We mostly keep to ourselves but welcome conversation from others in the baths. 

There are many types of baths so you can choose the one that suits you. If you get too hot, you can sit out in the hall by the ice cold pool or rooftop deck to chill. 

Yes, they offer robes and sandals but bring your own if you're not comfortable with that. I've never had the food but it looks good - I've seen lots of people eating there.

I highly recommend this and have taken many friends and family here.
So relaxing. I went during the women-only hours.  The other women in attendance were friendly and the environment felt comfortable and relaxed.  I tried each of the steam/sauna rooms as well as the $48 sea salt scrub.  The employee was very courteous and knowledgeable.  The food is good too! Would definitely come back.
It's an experience...

Firstly, I'd like to express extreme gratitude to the yelpers before me... otherwise, I may not have had the forsight to remember to bring the bathing suit, flipflops and most importantly, a bottle of water.  I salute you!

The Russian & Turkish Baths have occupied their current locale for quite some time... and it doesn't seem like they have renovated/remodeled since inception.  This is neither good nor bad; it just is.  For the girls: the locker room is quite small and cramped.  I had the misfortune to be leaning down (putting on my boots) and ended up being forehead-butted by someone's "cheek" when new people came in and tried to push everyone back.  Granted, they had a thong on, but in a larger corral it most likely would have a situation not to have experienced.  For the men, your locker/changing room area is at least 3x the size of the women's.  Clearly, you are the clientele this place was made for.

Moving onwards, if you pay attention, there is an order to things and the "process" of the banya is pretty smooth.  You go in, drop your valuables and get your locker number/keys to which all services/food you incur are charged, pick up (at your discretion) towel; robe; shorts.  Slippers are supposed to be in each locker but this is not necessarily the case and I highly recommend you pack your own.  Slippers look like they were made in a commie factory dating back to the early 90's.  Or at least, that's what the slippers back in China would've looked like circa then.  

I recommend taking a quick shower prior to engaging in any of the rooms -- it's more hygenic (hopefully) and begins the pore-opening process at a comfortable temperature.

The aromatherapy room (high menthol/eucalyptus/steam bath) was very unique.  Unique in the sense it feel hot yet cold and cold yet hot all at the same time while your lungs feel really cool and clear but there is also so much moisture in the air you think you are breathing in water and could potentially die from suffocation and yet you know you won't.  

The Redwood sauna was my favorite; the dry heat definitely opened up the pores without being overtly uncomfortable and there's a nice sense of community to it (sort of).  The Radiance room was also awesome; the benches/wall are made of stone and get really hot (benches have planks over it so you don't burn your behind) and your entire body gets really really really hot so the bucket of ice water over your head feels sadistically super.  

The pool in the middle of the hall is freakin cold but also oh-so-awesome after coming out of the radiance room and the redwood room.

To finish off the experience, I recommend eating from the deli.  They Yarpiva (sp?) beer cools and refreshes nicely (it's akin to a honey brown ale); the borscht really hits the spot.  For something heartier, i recommend the pork stew & kacha (buckwheat).  The potato dumplings (varakezi -sp??) were good as well, nothing out of the ordinary, but certainly meets expectations.  

The staff was friendly and did not really attempt to talk to me which was fine by me and when I first arrived down in the bath/sauna area someone nicely gave me some kind of salt/oil/something-else mix which also enhanced my pore-opening experience as well

All in all, it is about the experience over the ambience.  This is a relaxing experience, but not one where you will be pampered (unless you pony up for the upstairs treatment?).  It was rainy like crazy outside so didn't get a chance to check out the upper deck.  There is little-to-no crowd control upstairs, downstairs, in the hall or in the rooms so if being in a sweaty, hot, crowded and cramped environment makes you really uncomfortable, you may want to consider another place or find out when their "slow" hours are.  I went during a co-ed period in which it is mandatory for people to wear shorts.  I prefer not to think about what happens in the gender-specific hours.
I came here after purchasing a bunch of passes from a micro-sales deals website. RTB is totaly different from the other Russian banyas around town, and this is good and bad.

Good: This place has character of a different kind than Sandoony, Mermaid, or the late Royal Palace. It has...well, Americans. Americans who live in the East Village, many of whom are...well, hipsters. Or the creative underclass. It also has orthodox Jews and the occasional neighborhood celebrity. 

There's a ton of massage rooms, and there seem to be more therapists than customers during downtime.

The guy in the kitchen, as well as the guys who own the place, are really nice. Clearly the Manhattan location and their longtime residence in the country (not to mention dealing with a mostly non-Russian clientele) has been good for their emotional well being and social manners.

Bad: The place is small and cramped compared to Brooklyn's banyas and the giant Korean castle. But that's not what it is. It's also not terribly authentic--there are 3 steam rooms and only one real sauna (the redwood room is nice to relax in but doesn't do much for me). I like to have 2 or 3 Finnish/Russian sauna choices, and the Russian Room gets pretty full. If you're looking for the characters who come with the full Russian banya experience, you won't find them here (save for the staff, which still includes one or two foul-mouthed surly types).

Neutral: The clientele, while generally decent, is still composed of many...hipsters. That's not to say there's anything wrong with that; it just feels odd to be around dudes who wear faux fur as a statement rather than dudes who sport natural fur that's attached to their bodies.

Overall, as an after-work shvitz, it does the trick.
Someone should warn you that you coming here is taking a step into a new world of hotness, sweat and lots of nearly naked bodies. The pictures on the website cannot prepare you for this experience. It was hot, raw, steamy, yet oddly PG-13. 

I had never been to a bath house and it sounded like a good idea. Originally I was going to go by myself, but thank goodness my friend came along which made the whole experience less scary. We walked into this brownstone and it felt like we were in a old deli that smelled like a gym, except some people were clothed, while others were half-naked eating lunch while watching Sportscenter or Eminem videos.The room is filled with Russian banter and lots of bare chests. 

Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by Victor who was asking us what massages we want. I had read from another yelper that they try to hustle you into other treatments but we had already planned on getting the infamous platza. We checked in, headed over to the tiny women's locker room. It smelled like a mix of feet, body odor, hairspray and chlorine so definitely bring your own flip flops. There's not much room at all so on a busy weekend, be prepared to be getting butt-naked whilst touching the person next to you. Ladies, bring a bathingsuit and preferably one that covers your ass since the hot room seats can be pretty hot. The day we were there some girl braved the hot rooms in g-string with a thin Rio cut panty on top. It was strange and seriously... Two wrongs don't make a right in this or any case.

So we were led downstairs to the hot rooms to relax and get ready for our massages. It really wasn't all that relaxing since it was crowded and ridiculously hot. We braved the first hot room for like 10 minutes then headed over to massages. Victor initially tried to have us go in separately but we were intent on going together not really knowing what to expect. Eventually after some pleading and telling us "I am only one man, I can only do you (wink wink) one at a time", he found Igor so we could get our platzas together. 

Ok here's where we went from "Whoa this place is pretty strange, to where the f are we and what did we get ourselves into?" They led us into the Radiant heat room which I had misread as the Radiation room and was a little terrified. It was a dark, 200 degree cave with people all around and big rocks. People were dumping buckets of ice water on themselves like they had just won the Superbowl since it was ridiculously hot. And frankly, I was scared. 

I laid down on this wet hot pad and Igor placed an ice cold towel across my face which was relief from the heat but also a big blindfold to the crazy world. Igor immediately went to work. This wasn't a relaxing massage. It was intense to the max. He was sloshing around soapy water and beating us with wound up oak leaves which felt surprisingly good. The massage was incredible. Igor is a strong man and man does he have good hands. At one point, he  was stretching me out better than any trainer I have ever had. He also  massaged and scrubbed around ALL OVER my body. I really felt like we should've had dinner or something before hand.... or at least a cigarette after. It was INTENSE! Just when it got like too hot, literally too hot temperature-wise when my legs felt like they were on fire, he'd dump a bucket of ice water on me. He had good timing like that.

I should note that these massages are a spectator sport. There's steps with people in the room, usually watching you. I let out a couple screams when I had ice water dumped on me and I definitely heard some laughs but no biggie. 

It's definitely something you should try and I would highly recommend Igor and would go back to him specifically! The rest of our stay there was interesting. The cold pool is super cold and feels refreshing after being in the radiation room for minutes or seconds at a time. It reeks of chlorine/bleach so I didn't stay in long. The aromatherapy room smells like an Aveda salon gone crazy and gets super foggy where you almost can't breathe. The redwood sauna was my favorite room since it was actually relaxing.

All in all, great experience and would go back. Definitely some unique people in this place. 

Tips:
1. Bring your own flips flops and bathingsuit.
2. Eat at the deli for sure. Ask the ladies behind the counter what's fresh and they will dish out some Russian deliciousness.
3. Definitely request Igor if you can for a platza.
4. Don't bother pre-watching a platza treatment before you get one. It'll scare you, so just go with it. It feels pretty awesome.
5. Bring water and don't forget to hydrate. There was a guy in there talking to himself who looked like he'd been in there for 3 years straight. Hydrate!
Love this place.  3 Saunas, 2 steam rooms and one cold pool.  Cold pool is a little overly chlorinated and the place can get very crowded on Sundays but this is old-school Russian Turkish style bathhouse.  My favorite thing to do is to hit a yoga class then come here and do a rotation of the Russian room(the hottest one) for 7 to 10 minutes, the cold pool for 45-60 seconds(the most I can stand for now) and then meditate in the Turkish Sauna for 5 to 8 minutes.  Amazing physical feeling throughout the whole body.  Sweet and friendly staff for the most part.
What a cool place! So old and made me feel like I was in a different country. It's tiny and packed. Be ready to get friendly. Most people there when I went were under 35, so that was cool. For me it was worth the $12 LifeBooker special I got my admission for, but not worth $30 as there aren't enough different rooms/facilites and it is pretty dingy.
I was taken to the Russian & Turkish Baths as apart of a day-long date full of festivities planned by my boyfriend. Needless to say, I was a little apprehensive when I was instructed to "pack a bathing suit...or not" considering it is the middle of January and 8pm on a Saturday night, already I was confused.

Everything was a little confusing at first when we first arrived (I'm sure no doubt due to the fact it was a surprise visit for me)...I was a little weary about dropping off all my valuables into the safety-despoit like "bar." I was instructed to either rock just my bathing suit or the provided shorts and "robe" which were both polyester. When I was thrusted into the women's locker room (which is a very tight space, but maybe it was the timing) I was still a little confused, and a bit turned off by all of the used towels, slippers, robes, etc that blanketed the floor. I also felt a little uncomfortable with the fact that just after the room cleared and I had a little space to undress, the "worker crew" came in to clear up the mess on the floor. 

Of course, with my luck, I looked into my bag, and the bottom to my bikini was no where to be found and I was stuck rocking the oh-so-hot looking polyester shorts that they provide. 

I finally descended down below into the baths, and there were heaps of people. Maybe its always like that, but for a Saturday night, it seemed to be popping with quite the mixture of a crowd. I got things started with a body shower, then jumped into my first room. Once I was able to let go of the fact that there were so many people and settled into the space, I actually started to relax (and I must admit, I think I was a little intimated cause it seemed like everyone knew what was up, and I was just trying to find my way around what seems like underground trenches). I really liked the aromatherapy sauna rooms, and of course the cave room.

The treatments look interesting, and maybe with time I will work up to those. The cold dips in the cold pool make for a great transition from rooms, and the cold water buckets provided in the uubber hot rooms are clutch. While they may be provided, I was glad that I brought my own pair of flip fops, which I highly suggest (especially if you have little feet like me!). The baths do seem a little "dirty" to the eye, but I'm sure its all fine. Nothing really grossed me out, it just seemed, well, run down.

I will definitely go back (with by bikini bottoms this time!), but will likely try to figure out a less busy time to relax.
This was an experience I will not soon forget, and look forward to doing in the very near future.

It is not a "spa" by any means.  It is down and dirty Russian bath house.  Know this before you go.  Its not 'dirty' per say, but really gritty.  bring you own flip flops.

They give men (and women) shorts, but I (woman) just wore a bathing suit and was fine.  The multitude of rooms is great, the Russian room is 200 degrees and feels amazing- Note: do not lean back against the wall- its marble and i did burn myself when I leaned for .02 seconds!


oh one thing i didn't like- there were random patrons dripping lemon or eucalyptus oil in certain steam rooms, not just the aromatherapy room as advertised, and it was wayyyyyyy too strong! 

Bring body scrubs to scrub down, go with friends, enjoy watching people.  Its a young interesting crowd.

rebecca
Yes, this place is dirty and the staff are not  very friendly and it's a bit overpriced. But that doesn't mean it's not AWESOME. I can't believe I lived in the EV for so long without ever coming here, and I'll be back soon for sure.

I loved how there were like six different rooms, each with its own style, and you can just go from room to room sweating your butt off, listening to random conversations and then occasionally submerging yourself in ice water.

Definitely not a place for wimps or prisses, but if you're looking for a unique NY experience and you want to sweat yourself clean for a few hours, please go here.
I have been going to the Tenth Street Baths probably since a cold day in 2004, after I read an article about the place. Once I went, I was hooked. Very calming after a stressful day in the Financial District, especially in the dead of winter where you don't get much beach-type sit in the warmth in just your shorts relaxation.  

Recently, I went on a Thursday night and wondered what kind of crowd would be there- who wants to go to a sauna on a 75 degree evening? The answer- a lot of people! Steam room and Russian Room were lively. Roof deck was busy, and yes a person or two smokes marijuana up there (there is one regular who seems to do it). I don't smoke marijuana, nor care much for smoking in general, so I try to avoid the deck when he smokes. Another poster talked about topfree sunbathing up there- and although it's not a written rule, only bottoms have to be worn, male and female alike, both on the roof and in the bath area. I'm not sure if there is any willingness at all on the part of the management to have co-ed clothing optional sessions, but I would definitely be interested, since the experience would be just that much more relaxing and natural. (NY , with everything else it has, actually has no such spa to my knowledge).      

Had a wonderful time, people there tend to be social, and yes there are regulars who are either friendly or keep to themselves. Met a nice young woman who I hung out with in some of the rooms, and I thank her for sharing her salt scrub and mud that she had in her beach pail, which made me laugh at its sweet resourcefulness. (Thanks L., look forward to seeing you again) 

I have never met anyone nasty there, although some of the past staff have been pushy about treatments. A marketing tip- hire some younger (20's-40's) Russian/ Eastern European women to do the massages and treatments, and I'm sure that more guys- me included- would indulge more often!

Definitely a place to go most nights of the week to relax and have fun, especially during those long, cold winter months.
OK.  I never thought much about this place, and then a friend invited me to an afternoon of detox. WOW. the heat in the Russian sauna is serious. But after a couple of buckets of cold water are dumped on your head and you heat back up again, the clarity of mind and skin come rushing back!

I also like the Aromatherapy room, and had a terrific mud/body scrub, which was done in a closed booth next to the Russian Sauna. Massages are done upstairs in private rooms near the sundeck.

Some folks wander around in their swimwear. Most wear the crappy homemade shorts and robes that the spa provides. Do bring your own flip flops or shower shoes if you need em.

The place is pretty laid back, but very old school, old world. Don't come here for a zen experience with trendy candles. Come here for a good sweat with fellow sauna denizens, conversation with an old school russian dude, and a brutal but very effective massage.

As a bonus, it shows up every now and then as a Groupon or Living Social daily deal. (Today's daily deal is five passes and a one-time-only 20 percent coupon for $60. http://bit.ly/adGrjZ)
This bath house is a must to experience. It has been established since 1892... how cool is that alone! I love the feeling of purity and healing that is expressed here.

The Turkish sauna has a cold shower inside which is super refreshing and the Russian sauna also has a cold water option; you can use a bucket to dump water over your head. I opted out of the bucket plunge in the sauna, but the cold plunge is amazing. I loved the mid-evil feel I got from this bath house, the black robes and eucalyptus bottles of aromas are very unique.
I really liked this place, and all of its weirdo flaws contributed to its charm and the experience. Mentholated steam room and that russian cave room with the ice cold water buckets were by far my favorites. I kept jumping in the cold bath and chilling out drinking water in between rooms. There were a bunch of really friendly people there, interesting workers, and silent russians steaming. This isn't a sparkling clean establishment. Feels more like a big locker room. I felt great all day afterwards and i'll definitely go back.
A trip here is like going back in time. To a simpler era, when men were men, bodies were hairier, and if you're lucky, loincloths were worn. In my boardshorts, I felt like a futuristic freak, but they graciously accepted me with open, hirsute arms. 

Despite the cramped quarters, there are lots of different areas to get your bath house on: the Red Wood Sauna, the Aromatherapy Sauna, the regular sauna, the Cold Pool, and tons of massage rooms. There's even an awesomely peaceful roofdeck, where people go to relax between heat sessions and/or massages, and a man might offer you a hit of his marijuana cigarette.

The real draw though, is the Russian Room with its radiant heat. It is DAMN hot. You can't handle it unless you pour freezing cold buckets of water over yourself as you sit there. If you so choose, you can pay a large, burly man to beat you with a bundle of leaves, scrub you down, and periodically stretch you in what looks to be very painful ways. Whether or not you decide to pay for a beating, you're guaranteed to feel amazing when you walk out.

Apparently the best way to assert your manliness is to claim it's not even hot, and that the heat was better in [insert time or place]. One particularly macho gentleman kept insisting, "There's no heat in here today. I should've brought my sweater."

You could've fooled me sir, what with the inch of fur covering your chest and back.
The plethora of reviews give a pretty good idea of what this place is all about. This place is not at all super-modern, or squeaky clean, but I wouldn't give it up for the world. You walk in and it's like a glimpse into how your ancestors probably got down on their days off. The Russian sauna room is a gigantic rock oven that is unbearably hot and requires frequent soaking in freezing cold water. This place is definitely not for the feint of heart. But if you have an adventurous spirit and are hard to the core, this place is a great way to relax, cut loose and detox all the nasty stress and crap you've probably soaked up during the week. If they didn't have a restaurant/juice bar, I don't know how I'd stay here for hours, since sweating tends to make me hungry and thirsty. I don't know if I can do with the vodka while I'm trying to detox, but one day...
If you are looking for a masseuse that will get into spots that you didn't know existed this is your place.  I've had a couple of massages here and both were acrobatic to say the least.  One masseuse was a former cagefighter in Russia and at times I felt like he mistook me for a former contender.  Parts of the massage were painful and awkward, but in the end I felt rejuvenated.  It hurt so good.  A couple words of advice, keep your bathing suit on and speak up if it hurts too much.

About the actual baths.  I was expecting a sausage fest, but was pleasantly surprised to find many other women partaking in this old world ritual.  The sauna and steam rooms are an awesome way to relax or detox after a weekend of partying.  Drinking a lot of water helps prolong your visit.  I love jumping in and out of the ice bath after steaming.  The Russian room was too hot for me.  How do people stay in there?  It's fine to bring a loofah or clay mask to use in the baths.  They have showers where you can scrub away.
This place doesn't appeal to everyone.  Some friends have been turned off by the old school vibe and the smell.  More room for me.  Bring your own sandals and wear a bathing suit.  If you live in the neighborhood or plan on frequenting often buy a package.
It was cold in New York this weekend, so Winterbottom and I rolled down to the East Village for a hangover-curing treatment at the locally-famous Russian & Turkish Baths. What we got was gamey, steamy purification in this authentic bath house experience. 

Pros
-Myriad or rooms covering the range of bath house experiences, including traditional steam room, aromatherapy steam room, traditional sauna, the scorching hot Russian Room, and an ice-cold bath,
-Atmosphere - it's gamey and musky and thoroughly masculine. At the same time there were a few brave women around, but I wouldn't say they were dainty if they were enjoying this. Moist man flash and its accompanying smells was the order of the day. One chick walked around topless before the soapy palm frond beating they administer int the Russian room.

Cons
-Service - a little brusque and heavy on the upsell as seen in other posts. Nothing a little frank consumerism can't handle, but still not exactly gracious. 
-Crowded - a freezing Sunday may be when the baths reach max appeal, but it would be nice to see a few less people in there at once. At times in the Russian Room you couldn't get a seat and were getting the collateral splash off of other peoples ice bucket pours.
I went last night and cannot wait to go again.  It was my first time, and from what I was told it was one of the busiest days.  Even with all the people I still had a great time and found the experience relaxing.  I was worried it would be a little creepy being coed and busy.  But I found it very comfortable!

HOWEVER.  BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN ASKING FOR SERVICES.  I asked for a basic 30 min swedish massage.  The massage was average, not very relaxing, but I wasn't expecting anything great.  But when I went to pay I was charged the price of a 45 min sports massage which is the most expensive- I believe I over paid by almost $30...when I challenged the charge the manager told me to take it up with Mike, who gave the massage.  I couldn't find him and there was another guest arguing with the manager, so i just left.  Not worth it.  

So go and enjoy yourself and relax.  I will go back to this place, but I WILL NOT get any service.
it was heaven, heaven.  i had the platza, which was also heaven - a combo quick body massage, soapy scrub down and beating with oak leaves.  they guy who gave me the treatment was friendly, and showed me the way.   they have great food also, i had a great bowl of borscht for 4 dollars.  staff are friendly.  

when you go in they hook you up with bathrobe, shorts, towels, slippers, etc.  i recommend. with the admission and the platza it was about 70 bucks.  i spent several hours there and will go back. 

it is smaller than the wall st spa but similar in offerings.
So I went here over the Christmas holiday while the wife and her sisters were having a spa day and really enjoyed it. It was a little confusing with the safes behind the desk but I figured it out. The main sauna is really hot and DARK. It does take time to get used to the heat and I could spend more time in the sauna after every break. Watch out if you sit on the lowest level, while it is the "coolest" spot you will get splashed by people dumping buckets of cold water over themselves. The plunge pool is great, it is freezing. The other rooms are okay, I though the steam room was very good. 

I tried to get a massage and I was sent upstairs to the massage rooms and the room I was sent to was occupied. I was a little startled and I got yelled at by a surly Russian (always a plus) so I didn't get a massage upstairs. I did however get a half scrub/half rub downstairs which was pretty nice and I was pink as a newborn when she was done. 

Overall I had a good time, take a friend so you have someone to talk with. As a side note it is a little weird still be HOT 4 hours after you leave the bath.
just spent an afternoon steaming, soaking and getting splayed silly with fresh oak leaves (platza) by Boris. truly a new york institution, hasn't changed all these years. hurting is still sooo good.
Come here if you want to experience a traditional Russian Bath house. As the other reviewers said, it is as old as it gets (1800's), and it shows. Nothing modern, it is very basic and Russian like (I imagine that's how the bath houses looked in Russia during the communism era), but that the whole charm of it. I highly recommend for the experience and history. But if you are used to the fancy, super clean and modern spas, this is not the place for you. 
Bring your own flip flops, I wouldn't use theirs, might have been used by other people before and probably not washed. Study the treatment menu, pick the treatment you want and the PRICE!!! Be CLEAR what you want, tell them exactly what you want and how much you are expecting to pay! Otherwise, they will try to give you additional treatments and end up with a higher bill than expected!
If you decide to do the massage, they are indeed very good! I needed a strong massage and that's exactly what I got. 
If you are a simple woman, try to go with a friend (preferably male)!!! I was with my girlfriend, and I do not exaggerate, by the end of the evening I had 5-6 males (older of course)  trying to courtship me! Not the way I prefer to spend a day at the sauna! 
Other than that, if you have never been to a place like this, give it a try, be the judge.... some people might love it, others might hate it! It is really very subjective.... I will definitely go back next time I am in NY.
I like this place a lot...I live in the neighborhood and I go regularly.  Especially on Sunday afternoon when I'm beat up from playing rugby the day before (not to mention being out on saturday night drinking)!

One thing I WILL recommend though, is to bring your own footwear!  Though sandals are "supplied", more often than not, you have to just find a stray pair in the locker room...gross! Even for a gross dude like me!  So, BRING YOUR OWN SLIPPERS or risk using a used pair lying on the floor.  

Anyway, this is a no-frills place but it has a distinct old-world charm to it.  At the very least you should go here once before going to nicer-but pricier-spas.  In the summertime they have a nice roofdeck for sun bathing and general lounging.
nestled in the east village exists a landmark of relaxation proportions that serves as the perfect oasis. it was one of those experiences you find difficult to not enjoy for every ounce of sweat that beads off you in your choice of steam room, russian sauna or turkish sauna. surprisingly there is a difference, but neither will leave you high and dry. 

it is a therapeutic detox rich with some cultural traditions and a new york establishment since 1892. the front desk men, who i could confidently speculate were aptly named boris and ludvig, were not the friendliest of men with their heavy russian laden english, but this is not your regular day at the spa. 

it is your "diva-like" spa day stripped down to its barest of skivvies. it's simple. clean. and one could only imagine typical of bath houses. but you can only speculate. the place is filled with your regulars and novices. your pores have never felt so open (they will thank you) and apart from getting a 30 minute shiatsu massage-- you will probably never feel more relaxed from sweating out the toxins you absorb (read: stress, alcohol and tension). 

come armed with your smart water bottles (shameless plug). bring your favorite pair of flip flops and hope you ascend those white concrete stairs on 10th street at a time it is a co-ed session (i am just saying is all). the aroma of the banyan leaves, of which you can choose (for an additional fee) to get literally whipped by as a form of massage, stings your nostrils in the purest of forms (channel the smell of mint leaves). it is both refreshing and relaxing all warped in the white tiled hall of the russian/turkish baths of the east village. 

your senses will thank you and you'll leave feeling ten pounds lighter. most likely from all the sweating you'll do. no doubt you could use a little escape to regain some clarity.
If I was smart I would tell you this place sucked. That way you would wipe your forhead and go 'whew' and go along your merry way. 

But no, shit. I'm gonna be honest, and tell you that this is one of the amazing treats of NYC. And yeah, you being there will make it that little bit less empty for me, but hey.. I think you should check it out. I'm hooked.
Russian Steam Baths give good value for the money.
Other places, have plenty of bells & whistles, but the heat is not good.
Nobody beats 10th Street, Russian Steam Baths, when it comes to heat.
To me, all the gimmicks in the world, do not make up for lack good heat.
If you want to have a massage they are available for an additional fee.


If you want a place to relax and get rid of the tensions of the day,
The Russian Steam Baths on 10th Street is a good bet.
The radiant heat room is amazing, it is Hot, Hot Hot. Wear a wet towel on your head.Drink lots of water.
Do not expect a spa, this is as old school as it gets.
I bring my own slippers and a bathing suit,to shoes there are kinda funky.
I usually get a "plantza" treatment this is when they beat you with oak leaves this is a great expoliant.
The guys will add there own tip, be strong and when you pay if you want either add or take away from the tip.
The fresh juice is great, I get a carrot, apple ginger juice (very cleansing)
Don't expect a fancy place and you will be fine.
I usually go on the roof deck after treatments and have a beer and enjoy the sun.
There is nothing like the true extremes of hot and cold to reinvigorate your body.  This was my first Turkish/Russian Bath House experience and would definitely go back.  I have been to many saunas and steam rooms but nothing as HOT as a Turkish or Russian version.

They offer robes, flip flops, lock n locker. So all you need to enjoy yourself is $30 and some time to relax.  They keep it clean it is just a very old establishment with tons of history.
Now this is more like it. A very historical and authentic-feeling experience, run by the real deal, and just a tad on the grimy side. The whole time I was there, I was confused (in a good way ) and Rosa took care of me. She's been there 15 years, by the way, and ought to know! 

I got the Platzah, which is so worth it, and then grabbed a Russian beer, headed to the roof deck, and enjoyed a nice afternoon chilling.
This place is wild. Very Russian. They pack you in there ... and then you go into the dark stone room -- sweat, sweat, sweat -- splash cold water over yourself. And then just when you think you are going to faint, you dodge out. Maybe drop into the steamroom. Or hang out. Get some weak tea. In Russia itself, it's a tradition to meet friends on a weekly basis at a banya. You go from hot room, to SUPER hot room where people beat each other with birch twigs (exhilarating!) and then take a cold shower or scrub down in a main large tile room. This is the closest thing I've seen to it outside the motherland. A hoot!
Watching young strapping football players lying facedown getting repeatedly whipped with bouquets of leaves was most definitely worth the $25. The crowd here is fascinating: old pruney Russian women who walk around without a care in the world for their sagging booties, typical New York exercise-aholics with flawless abs and expressionless eyebrows, and young flaneurs hoping for a hip exploratory fix. Sitting in the big steam room in drab cotton robes, mutually sweating and refreshing, was at once moving and disturbing. I loved the shared experience, and it took a few minutes and gallons of perspiration to get over the novelty of the Russian public bath. I've been to several public baths in Japan, and those are much more gender-secluded, aesthetically pleasing, and gently soothing. The addictiveness of people-watching here is distracting, but also worth the adventure. If you're here for the actual spa part, get a YMCA membership and save some cash money.
I try and make it here whenever I visit Manahattan. Its definately old school, so do not expect modern spa ambiance.

This is the only place to get something called a "platzah" -- thats phonetic cuz I do not know how to spell the word. Any way you lay in the really hot russian steam room, which is mostly stone, and get buckets of water poured on you and then you are massage with oak leaves tied together and dipped in some sort of herbal astringent. It feels amazing and there is no way to really describe, you just have to live it.

I also got an excellent salt scrub that polished my skin and gave me a nice massage. Its been awhile since I have been here, and I sure miss it at this moment.
I went here with a Groupon on David's schedule. It was supposed to be for a 30 minute mud scrub, but I was in there for 12 minutes with Viktor. Ok scrub, but only half of what I paid for. Disappointing. Definitely not a glamorous place by any standards, but the steam rooms are decently maintained. The front desk staff could have been friendlier.
The guard on Sunday really does a great job of keeping the place clean and being friendly with customers.  Makes a big difference.
I think it's crazy the entrance fee is $40 and the place is small and feels kinda like a dingy and damp basement. There are only a handful of sauna rooms and with a small range of temperature and variety in terms of setup (no fancy stuff like different types of minerals, stones, or an ice room). There's a cold pool with ice cold water and no one was in it when I visited. I dabbed my feet in it and immediately got out. 

I actually had also purchased an oak leaf body scrub, but when I saw what it was from people getting it (not in a private room but rather in one of the heated sauna rooms, no less) I decided you couldn't pay me to get it. The room was extremely hot and the idea of getting hit by an oak leaf broom just didn't seem so appealing; and I think I would've passed out.

The place is pretty small; the layout is L shaped and there isn't too much room in either hallway. The changing rooms are upstairs and are kept bare minimum style. They do provide locks so at least you won't have to bring your own padlock. I can see this can be a convenient place to get some hot steam and relax, but I'd rather pay a bit more and go to a more high-end spa with better facilities and more service options.
Went to the baths last Sunday morning, It was a real treat to get a good sweat. It was my first time there. I went on the only men's hr. The environment was friendly and welcoming. The majority of the men that morning were older Russians. There is a lot of male nudity going on especially with the older crowd, nothing sexual from what I experienced. As a young guy I was a shy to bare all but after a round of sweating I decided to go nude. They provide shorts, robe and slippers, I suggest that you bring your own slippers. Over all it was a good male bonding experience. I will be back!
***Groupon Deal review***

I bought a Groupon deal that covered entrance fee and an oak leaf treatment. I was a little disappointed by the lack of space. But I was more disappointed at the oak leaf treatment and the hard sell to tip after. Also, the treatment was quick and wasn't really that relaxing or effective, in my opinion. Overall it was an experience but I wouldn't do it again.
Its nothing fancy, if you were expecting a 5 star spa...this ain't it.  FYI, the actual facility is in the basement which was a surprise to me. Also, disclaimer: there is no Jacuzzi.
It's old and it's obvious... its not a charming old it's a broken and needs to be renovated old. Otherwise the place is terrific the staff is friendly and the food is gooood
The entrance price is now $40, not $35, they they add and 8% surcharge onto the deal, and they point to this tiny little sign when you complain about paying more money.
  Then they really try to up everything by selling you a booklet of 10 entrances, and when you say thank you no, they look really pissed off at you. You may think this is just capitalism at work, but it does take the relaxation away after a couple of hours in the steam room.
More social than spa. Although I go dependably about 3 times a year. Usually get a plaza or a 30 minute massage to make a day of it with some laxative tea from Juice Pressed
This is not for the faint-hearted.  As a 20-something female it was a bit confronting as it's mostly 40s+ men and it's very grungy, dirty and smelly.  If you know what you are getting into it is fine, but not quite my thing.
This place is gross, even first thing in the morning. Cold plunge pool is full of hair clumps, floor is slick with residue, and drains are surrounded by pools of stagnant water.

I did have a nice time during women-only hours, though. I was afraid I'd be the modest weirdo in my bikini bottoms, but there were all sorts of styles going on: mostly older women in the nude, topless twenty-somethings, and a few ladies in full swimsuits. 

I spent two hours at the baths, alternating between steam rooms, with a couple cold plunges thrown in. I spent a few minutes in the Russian room, but I could hardly stand it. It smells great in there, but it is SO HOT. Dumping a bucket of cold water over your head feels AMAZING, though. 

I just can't believe I spent $38 to be surrounded by filth! Maybe it's cleaner during David's week?
So this is where all the male models hide. Went with Russian friends so we talked ourselves into a great deal for a day pass. The steam room is SUPER hot and the OC bath is SUPER cold so prepare for extreme temps to flush out your toxins. The sun deck is a great oasis in the city and their food is old school--great homemade perogies if you feel famished post bath.
Well, I didn't expect a kushy spa experience, but I definitely wasn't prepared for how heavy this place is. When I say heavy that encompasses intimidating, aggressive, rough etc. I went on an all male day (something I can't recommend). A lot of very aggressive male nudity and clear flirtation amongst patrons. People didn't seem respectful of others space and others experiences. Many were there to meet other men and satisfy their egos. As a straight person I think the tone of the place would be better if women were there. But I haven't been on a coed day!

As for the facility. Yes it's a little gross, a bit overpriced and somewhat dank - but it's very cool and the rooms feel authentic. All in all a cool ny experience.
Wandering around the LES with a friend from out of town looking for a bar to grab a drink, we came across this place and curiosity got the best of us. We didn't have any swimsuits or flip flops with us but we decided to go in and ask about pricing. Somehow I think the only words we heard were "coed" read: boobs and we forgot all our worries about possible plantar's warts and staph infections. However, I was woefully unable to get the robe to properly cover my chest despite much help from the other kind ladies in the locker room and I'm pretty sure I entertained the old Russian men with some serious side boob. We were not able to get over the shoes though and the thought of staph infections took over before we were able to actually make it into the bath. The front desk was surprisingly understanding and we vowed to come back with our own shoes and swim suits. With that, I think it could be a fun time especially since you can stay together and talk through the experience when it's not segregated. That said, we made a bee-line for a drugstore to get some clorox wipes to wipe our feet with over and over knowing the damage was already done but praying otherwise. They had a B rating outside.
This place was pretty cool and seems unique to me; at this point, I don't know of any other place like it in the city. It offers a variety of different kinds of baths, which is fun. My favorite is the Redwood Sauna, but each room offered something different, in a good way. The cons are that it seemed dirty and crowded to me. It was annoying having someone come up to us every five minutes asking if we wanted a massage or some kind of treatment. It felt like we were walking through a market in a touristy area. And finally, the locker room and shower spaces are nothing to write home about! On a brighter note, the people working there were nice and helpful enough. And we had a Groupon, which made the trip pretty affordable ($35/two people).

Some helpful info. - they have towels there, and you can take as many as you need without paying, though they aren't very large; the lockers already have locks; bring all your own soaps, etc. for the shower and don't forget your flip flops - they have flip flops, but I hear they're not super clean
If you have never been and are curious about this place, make sure to come here with a groupon-like deal and plan to stay a while.

Preparation is key: Avoid the up sell of treatments. The solicitation is similar (annoying) to desperate exotic dancers at a strip club looking to offer a lap dance. 
Eat beforehand, bring a water bottle, swim trunks, and flip flops.

The kitchen food is edible but the ornery cook may change your mind about eating here. On a nice weather day, the rooftop is a great area to relax and take a break from the heat.

The bath house is far from luxurious but it does the job. There are a few rooms with different types of heat then there's the pool. Sometimes the chill of the pool is enough to wake you up or inject 1000 needles into your submerged body. It is excellent therapy after a race or what most guys my age call exerted physical activity: playing football for 10 minutes.

The Russian Turkish Bath is great, as long as you're prepared. I always leave there like a new person.

IFHTP 3+
Ladies: Don't come here expecting a lovely spa day. Just don't. 

I bought two groupons for this place. One for my mom : entry and massage and one for me just entry.

I have to agree with many yelpers. The front desk girl is very not friendly. Sometimes I felt like she went out of her way not to be friendly or warm. 

One look at the counter and food servers and I would rather eat the wood from the Russian Room. I didn't order anything except a prepackaged bottle of water.

I dropped off my mom for a massage and was scared I would never see her again. It was very dark and ominous. She enjoyed the massaged though, so that was good. 

The next day we came back to redeem the entry part of the groupon. You get a key for the locker room and are able to leave your valuables with Little Miss Sunshine at the front desk. 

Bring your own bathing suit & flip flops. They provide towels, thing robes and shorts for men, but if I was a guy I'd bring my own as well.

The saunas are downstairs. Upon entering the sauna space I did feel a little nauseous. Not sure what the smell is, but there is a smell there. The saunas are hot as hell and although the Russian Room is supposedly the hottest one, I liked that one the best was couldnt even enter the Turkish room. The aroma therapy room was nice too. I didn't dunk myself in the cood pool, but used the showers to cool off. The sun deck isn't anything spectacular but it is good if you are a smoker since they allow you to smoke up there. 

I'd go back to sweat my face off again. But I'd definitely try something else before I do. Something girlier and less... like this place.
I started to go to this place few years ago, and never was thrilled with environment.. I didn't get fungus or ringworm there though..
Later i started to go only for massage, because all the mass there was just making me puke, but they do have great masseuses. The massage is rough, but it is, sport/swedish , the type, after which in few days you  fly!! and oak leaf massage in the hottest room- the best!!!
Receptionists are usually rude and at the end do REMIND  you to leave the tips.. but don't get upset-leave what you want- there is no rule for it-how much!!!  
i think they keep this place this way, so you can taste the Soviet time  or modern Russia treatment -rude- and not carrying..
So you should go there, if you don't expect over the top, and want to feel how it is in foreign countries service!!!!
If you like to sweat like a beast in steam rooms or with dry heat, this is your place.  if not, there's not much for you.

BATH:  i walked in, checked in, and then gave the front desk my valuables (apparently at one time there was some thievery?).  they gave me a locker key.  i went through doors and changed in what looked like an old high school locker room.  they provided rubber slippers and pants, but i wore my own bathing suit.  from there i grabbed towels and went downstairs to the baths. (speaking of towels, theirs are chocolate brown.  i would feel much better if their towels had been a lighter color, say red and thus would have appeared cleaner.)  the guy that was assigned as my massage therapist showed me the hot rooms downstairs.  it's definitely not a luxury spa, so don't expect that - not spa castle.  but it was clean, and smelled clean (no locker or mildew smell at all.)  there are approximately 3 wet rooms and 3 dry rooms, all with varied heating.  the aroma therapy room was amazing.  there is also a cold pool for you to dip yourself in.  there were quite a few people in most of the rooms, and i had to sit through a few interesting conversations.  but if you can block that out, the environment can be very relaxing.  there was a weird mix of eastern europeans, people i would classify as 'jersey' and a very attractive east village hippie / hipster crowd.  at times i was self-conscience because i didn't have a six pack.  the crowd is very mixed (about 50/50 men/women) and all ages.  the showers are also downstairs.  they only have the pink bathroom soap, so bring your own if you want. (how expensive would it be to provide flex shampoo and soap, really?)

MASSAGE: the dude said he was a massage therapist, but i'm not 100% sure he was licensed.  the massage room was small, but felt clean.  he said i could be naked or wear the loose fitting shorts.  i didn't get ANY skeevy vibes from him or the other guys giving massages, so i went naked.  other people mentioned some off color offers, but i didn't get that vibe... at. all.  i've never had a "thai" massage before, but it was definitely unique.  he walked on my back some, and i believe actually touched me with his feet.  it felt so good i didn't even care.  he put a towel over my back and put his knees in my back. he also had me do some breathing exercises and stretched my back and thighs in some unique fashion.  i definitely felt loose and relaxed after, although i did want to shower (again feet).  the only negative i can imagine is that the therapists can be a bit persistent in asking people for "treatments."  if i was the manager, i would only let them greet people as they walked in, saying they are available for massages.   i wouldn't let them pursue massages in the bath area.

SYNOPSIS: if you're adventurous and interested and like heat and steam rooms, i say try this place out at least once.  if you are germaphobe and used to the luxury spa treatment, pay more and go to spa castle.
came here as a stop on my bachelor party...  I'd say it's awesome to have a place like this in NYC, and we had a great time trying out the number of different sauna's and just chilling the f' out.   

But, I can see why the other reviewers trashed this place because this is a no frills business.  Everything looks old and worn (showers, towels, the men that try to massage you constantly, etc.), so if you're looking for a nice ambiance this isn't your place.   That being said, all the clientele I met were chill as hell and enjoying their experience (some being 3-4 year members of the place.. they have a loyal following). 

It's an experience and I'd go again, but I'd like to see another Turkish bath in NYC come up because this place can easily be trumped by a newer facility.  

SUMMARY:  I'd go back with my boys to relax after a huge night out, but not with my fiance (or for a date for those of you trying to come up with fun and different date ideas).
This is a good place. Yes it's old, no it's not fancy. They have bathing suits, sandals, and endless towels included in the price. Their food is good. Their patio is relaxing, and their are regulars that have been there 15-20 years +
Give it a try....
Weekends can be crowded.
A) You do not need shower shoes/sandals
B) You do not need a bathing suit 

Those were my two biggest questions going in.  They had shorts you pick up with your towel, and robe if you choose to be bashful.  Everyone is clothed when we went (Saturday evening) either in bathing suits, shorts, or the free ones they let you use.  We were able to show up with deodorant, snag a razor from the front desk, do our thing and then head out on the town for the night.  It was very interesting.  Be careful the rooms are hot enough to where you can lose track of time as you start to daze off.  Definitely a good experience.
I came here not knowing what to expect. This is truly a bare bone bath house. I walked into a shabby changing room, if you can call it that.There are some sandals provided but I would recommend bring yours if you can. 

So long story short. I got a Groupon for admision with a treatment. I decided to try their sea salt scrub treatment but to my surprise, an old Russian man came to serve me. I felt totally embarrassed because I did not know I had to wear a bikini and the bath house does not provide a thong. That means, I had to go completely NAKED! I stuck it out throughout the treatment but I was pretty embarrassed the whole time. Good thing he seems rather professional so I just tried not to think about it. Scrub wise, it was very thorough but rough. I think I peeled off 2 layers of skin after the treatment. 

There are several steam rooms, sauna rooms and one big giant cold pool inside this seemingly tiny space. It gets rather crowded even on a week night. I really do enjoy the feel although I can't say the same for the atmosphere because I somehow feel like I was in a business outing with heavyweight executives. 

I think next time I still prefer a more luxurious and female-friendly spa.
I didn't know what to expect at an European bathhouse. I thought only sweaty naked dudes were the only ones allowed but apparently on certain days it's co-ed and not naked. More guys than girls, it's like a spa for dudes. My friend invited me, he got a living social coupon: $30 for 3 baths. 

Remember to bring a change of clothes and a swimsuit. The women's locker room was uber small with only one mirror. I would recommend bringing your own hairdryer and a huge bottle of ice cold water.

The whole experience was interesting. At first, I was extremely uncomfortable and couldn't understand why people would pay for this but after a while, I became totally relaxed because it was so unbearably hot that it made it easier for me to clear my mind. You gradually build a tolerance for the heat and sweat. The two extremes between the cold water and the hot air creates an incredible sensation. Nothing like I've ever experienced. I give this particular bathhouse 3 stars because aesthetically it could've been nicer.

Although, I wouldn't go regularly, I would love to start going every 3 months or so. Maybe check out other bathhouses.
The salt scrub treatment I got was pretty amazing and made my skin incredibly smooth afterward. If you're looking for a "spa" experience then this certainly isn't the place to go - let's be clear, it is a giant sweaty room - however, despite the lack of frills, the facilities are clean (just wear your shower shoes) and the sauna rooms are a great place to relax during the cold winter months. One thing that was a bit off-putting though was the last time I went an older gentleman was scrubbing his toenails in the communal shower. Kinda groddy, no?
Gritty, bare bones and ramshackle, Russian & Turkish Baths is not a spa catering to the 1% or an indoor water park-like Spa Castle of sorts, not for the faint of heart (lest you faint in one of the 200+degree saunas due to poor hydration and over exposure but I have never witnessed this during any of my 5 plus visits-don't worry)-yet character and a 100 plus year history it has in droves.  This is a place for people who want to experience saunas without the fanfare or gild found in other spas.  It's small but with a number of saunas, steam rooms and an ice cold pool, it does the job of rejuvenation and cleansing.  There are spa-like treatments touted somewhat pestering-ly by the Russian staff who walk around in black robes that are also available to customers -I choose to walk around in my bikini and covered in towels that are offered (either/or seems to be the norm).  One noteworthy or seemingly torture worthy treatment is being beaten with a broom made of fresh oak leaves, sopping with olive oil soap-the Platza Oak Leaf treatment- in the awesome, dungeon-looking Russian sauna while everyone watches. It's hard for me to spend a stretch of more than 5 minutes in this room- kudos to the patrons who spend what seems like 20 minutes being, um, er...pampered.  Blah but decent  Russian food is available on the 1st floor.  Upstairs is a cool outdoor deck where you may run the risk of being ogled by sexually repressed Hasidic Jewish men or you can spot lithe models who make you feel fat or famous lone writers or an Egyptian man selling a scrawny hipster oil of Frankincense-it's that kind of place.
Russian baths is good for a good, gruff, hardcore sweat and cleanse. This a'int no spa. There's no jacuzzi and the lounge/cafe area is kinda bleak, but that's not what you come here for. You come to sweat good, sweat hard, and maybe get a platza wash (where you get thwacked with oak-leaf branches)

What's best about this place is that its an original. You can feel the history and the depths of Russian-New York culture there. An original if there ever was, and a good time to cleanse and de-stress.
I love this place because of the location, price, and different environments. However they really need to clean a bit more.  I'm not a super fancy guy, however it can get kinda gross in there. But I'd go back!!
Glad it is part of my NY. Good place to go to melt completely.
BUT:  Boris and David, WE  really don't care about your issues. We wish you would  not burden your clientele with the seperate schedules and passes nonsense .
You're the ONLY business I have ever seen that does this. Get it together,boys!
Not a very luxurious spot.  It's not a place for a spa day with the girls, but it is a "spa" (overstatement) day with the guys. The girls changing room is tiny.  I've seen better changing facilities at public pools.  The towels they give you are worn and with frayed edges.  Overall, the place is small but there's plenty of different rooms to sweat it out and a cold, plunge pool to cool you off.  When it gets too hot in the rooms, the rooftop is a nice option to chill out.  It's to "rough" for me to go again.  If you must, get a pass from one of the online deal sites.
The rating I have is really 2.5, but I round-up because it's not an angry 2.5.   The place is old and reminds you of a high school gym.  It's clean, but it's old so many people would not quite know what to think or do about it. 

Because they run 1001 groupon, tipr, and buywithme specials, it's always super busy on Boris's Shift.  The staff is really nice.

Be aware, that the masseuse and platza guy will probably leave before 8pm.  That's pretty late, but if you were planning on going whenever to get services, you probably need to make it earlier. 

There are a lot of guys that will use the steam room then shave in the sink nearby.  They do have shaving cream. I think it's a little weird, but all appears to be done in a manner that is fairly clean.


Things you should considering bringing with:
1-  Bathing Suit
2 - A full size towel
3 - board shorts... the have 1 size fits all shorts available... but think about it... when it comes to shorts, how can 1 size REALLY fit all???
4 - Hair moisturizer

For the single ladies, be aware, there are a lot of guys there.  Apparently there is more exercise happening among the boys in the LES vs. Midtown.  That aspect of my adventure to the Russian and Turkish bath was nice.  

Some are with their significant others.  The ones that are not will hit on you.  However, the steam and sauna chills out the typical aggressive NYC behavior, so they are "mostly" harmless.  That said, unless you have super hutzpah, you may prefer not to go alone. After all, the lonely male wolf - alone left to his own devices - will not approach the pack.   I went with my Swedish friend and were not approached as long as we stayed together.  We had a good chilled out time.
Orb with Paige Matthews's white lighter powers back 100 years ago as this bath house is extremely dated to the late 1880s era. 

First timer who thankfully ventured to Russian & Turkish Baths with an experience sauna bather, at last to enjoy life with new experiences though not alone. Five sauna rooms: Red Wood Sauna, the Aromatherapy Sauna, the Steam Sauna, Cold Pool plus individual massage rooms, and a outdoor Roof Deck. Five sauna rooms are all set at different temperatures ranging from mild heat (Steam Room), to steam comfort zone (Aromatherapy Room), to hell spawn blazing fire hot (Red Wood Room) approximately near 120 Fahrenheit degrees. 

Aside from being extremely worn from age, Russian and Turkish Bath is also small where corridors are narrow and sauna rooms cannot contain large number of people. Corridors are poorly lighted and floors do not appear clean. Lockers for small valuables are available behind check-in counter and changing room lockers are microscopic small.  The key is the same number as the check-in locker. First timers I do not recommend going alone but with an experienced bath houser. There are no orientations to the whereabouts of these five sauna rooms or guidance of how to quickly adjust one's body temperature into a rip roaring sweltering heat sauna. Bottle water is available for purchase or one can bring your own. There is limited beer options for purchase which I recommend to be enjoyed in the Roof Deck. Having recently purchased a swimming suit, yet disappointingly I did not bring, my body was immensely swimming in Russian and Turkish Bath's grossly large robes. Shower facilities are encouraged before full plunges into the sweltering heat. Pass card from the owner Boris is available for usage during his availability weeks as noted. For I am no longer a first timer of a bath house, with a friend who is of caring concern, noted my deep thought where a visit to a bath house sauna dispels life's daily grind for a calming mind set. 

Sweat it out for a schvitz! 

Patron notes: 
* Bring your own swimming suit (especially for women), sandals 
* Bring your own toiletries: shampoo, hair brush, deodorant
* Leave all valuables at home (especially jewelry, laptop, or tablet mobile devices)
Treat a bath house visit as if it were going to a gym. 
* Take as many towels possible
It is a great place to sweat it out during the cold and gloomy days of New York. This place is small but it has many chambers with different temperatures. A couple minutes in one of the room will cause you to sweat more than you ever did!
So many many half-naked men.  Really, I think there were more men than women.  Half-naked.  

It's definitely not spa - I wouldn't feel right about calling it that.  It's a very functional, very bacheloresque bath house - several steam rooms and dry saunas and a cold dunk pool.  I do wish it was a little bit better maintained and a bit clean.  It's definitely not athestically pleasing.  But, after you are done, you do walk out feeling rejuvinated and relaxed.  I won't be tempted to go back, but I wouldn't preclude it either.  Half-naked men.
I felt like i was in ghetto subway station...not a spa.  Same tile, same decor, same look and feel.   the robes and towels are terrible.   However, I must say, my skin is glowing after 1 time of going, so maybe pain is beauty.  The place was busy..so i guess iit gets the job done.
After living in Russia for a year and never making it to a real banya, I'm glad I can have a similar experience right in my own neighborhood. But it wasn't quite the relaxing day I had wanted. 

The guys harassing you to get a massage are beyond annoying. I did want a massage - I intended to get the platza - but somehow I was talked out of that and into getting the triple scrub/mud/wash treatment for $48 with a mandatory $10 "tip" (I don't buy that ANYONE would pay $150 for that). The treatment was fine, but nothing to rave about about. It was strange to have this guy who had been harassing me for money all morning touching me. Masseuses are supposed to have a good rapport with customers, right? I did actually notice that my problematic skin had cleared up the next day, and I can still feel a difference five days later. 

If I go again (and from these reviews it sounds like I should check out a different bath instead) I'd just stick with the sauna rooms. The large Russian room was my favorite - extremely hot with buckets of cold water you can dump on yourself. The redwood room was also quite nice - it had a very refreshing smell and the heat wasn't too intense. 

I had the borscht and pelmeni at the cafe along with a Russian beer for $15. The pelmeni was quite good but the borscht wasn't the kind I'm used to - It was tomato based. Meh.

I went on a Tuesday afternoon (about 12-3:30ish) so the place was fairly empty. I don't think I would want to be here in the after work/weekend peak hours when the rooms are crowded. And I hear it does get extremely crowded. 

Tips for future visitors:

1. Bring a bathing suit!!!!!
2. Bring your own flip flops/shower shoes
3. Bring a bottle of water
4. Pick up a LOT of towels from upstairs - just one or two will definitely not be enough and you won't want to have to walk upstairs to get more
5. Bring shampoo/soap
6. Abandon shame
I love this place. Love the rough-around-the-edges atmosphere. I always leave feeling very clean and refreshed. However, I have to caution customers to be careful about tricks that Boris (one of the owners) may try to pull on customers who are a little too trusting. Basically, he sold me a pass for a really good price; it was an offer I couldn't turn down. But it turned out it was too good to be true. The next time I was in on a Boris week, my pass mysteriously disappeared from my wallet, which in theory was safe and sound in the bin for valuables. I'm ninety-percent sure that Boris or one of his peons swiped it, on his instructions, so that I would have to buy another and he'd get his money's worth out of me. Now I only go on David weeks. My story about Boris is far from unique. I've heard plenty of others like it. Be vigilant. It may be worth noting that the Russian Baths has received an F from the Better Business Bureau.
It is satisfactory for the price as long as you have flexible expectations. The employees travel among the the different rooms to offer their various massage and bath services, which is very convenient.  I felt much better after spending some time here on my last visit.  That rates a positive in my eyes.  I would go again.
If I could separate reviews for 1) the actual baths and 2) the check in/out process, then the actual baths would have more stars. So, I love the baths. True, they are pretty no-frills and not at all shiny or gentrified nor is there any design involved, but they get the job done really, really well. The hot rooms are nice and hot, the cold pool (though prone to a weird shiny film on top and a chlorine smell) is pleasantly freezing, and I love that you can spend forever going in between them all. Especially awesome is the "Russian Room," which has my favorite ambience. The towels aren't coated with fabric softener, which I appreciate (however sometimes they run out f towels). I also strongly recommend bringing a washcloth or small towel to scrub yourself with in the steam room, and there are no bath products in the showers save for some bright pink industrial soap, so bring shampoo or body wash.

But there are some pretty major cons that have nothing to do with taking the (vaporized) waters. 

Cons:
-The front desk guys have tried some light scamming on me twice now. Which is almost sweet, because it reminds me of my time in Eastern Europe. You gotta fight for your right to only pay what you should. Sigh. It's a shame, though, because after relaxing downstairs it'd be great to keep the buzz going with a straightforward check-out process. I asked for Swedish massage, then they tried to charge me for a "sports" massage, saying that's what the therapist had given me (not my problem, she's not my employee, and it felt like a Swedish massage to me. Especially seeing that that's what I asked for, twice). When I declined to pay for a sports massage, he actually whipped out his cell phone and tried to make me talk to her. What?! I don't know her! Then he tried to guilt trip me by saying, "oh, we already paid her for sports massage, I have to take it out of her money next time" which, again, is not technically my fault or my business. Jeez. 
-The women's locker room is incredibly tiny, especially compared with the men's.
-Said locker rooms have a tendency to smell like b.o.
-The filmy problem with cold pool.
-This is just me, but i kind of hate putting on those rubber shoes from the locker, knowing the person before me with the same locker number just wore them. But that's just my squeamish American tendancies, i think. 

Basically, if another facility opened up for the same or lower price, I'd be all over it. But until then, I'll elbow my way to relaxation on the Lower East Side.
Unique NY/Euro style experience....
The pretty good:
..Cheap, hot, lots of authentic rooms- The turkish, steam and sauna are all top rate.  The Russian room is an inferno, I have not expereinced anywhere in the world.
..Mixed and interesting crowd.
..My massage was firstrate
..Outdoor deck is fun on a beautiful day like today.

The not so good:
...This place is fillthy- bathrooms smell like urine
..only a cold pool- other Russian baths sport a warm one
...Small crappy locker room
...Overly agressive male staff strongly recommended extra treatments

Overall,  absolutely a must try experience.  Feel warm all over afterwards.
it is a very nice place to detox your body and relax. they have a $99 deal where you can have 3 different massages.  but please DONT FORGET to tip because they will not let you out of there...the guy at the front desk is an ass, rude. i didnt have any cash, so i wanted to include the tip on my cc, but he made a big deal. the massage lady is very nice,but $55 plus $10 tip was not worthed for the 30 minute massage i got. i will be back for the nice sauna and steam rooms, but no more massages or baths from there
I think this is a great place to go....ONCE.... for the cultural/historic/quirky perspective.  I personally would not go a second time though.

As mentioned elsewhere, this place is from the 1800s and hasn't changed much.  And indeed, as soon as you enter, you can feel the 'oldness".  You get to engage with Russian staff who can be trying to sell you a service, or else a bit surly (depending on who you are engaging with).  Once you go down to the baths themselves, you truly feel like you are in another world.  I went on co-ed night and saw a number of guys that looked Russian, and another that appeared to be Orthodox or something (with those little 'banana' curls), and another guy that looked a bit er...yucky...walking around in sheer men's boxer shorts.

Most of the other clientele was a mix of middle-aged men with bellies, or else 20-something hipster men and women.  There were one or two older women on the night I went, but it was mainly middle-aged men....

The sauna rooms have varying degrees of intensity.  Some of them I actually felt like my skin was burning.  In the back is something called (I think) the Russian room...it's a dry heat room with I think 'radiant heat'.  I think my friend said there are radiators in the walls.  (He instructed me NOT to touch the walls!).  That room was by far the most "interesting".  It was the largest room, and it looked like a prison/dungeon straight out of The Count of Monte Christo or some Dickens novel.  Seriously.

Apparently it is in this room where people can get the ...er...what's it called...schvatza service?  I can see why other reviewers would feel like they were on display.  If I were to get the schvatza, I certainly wouldn't want it done in that large room with such an audience!

I don't consider myself a germ-phobe, but I am pretty clean.  That said, I did feel a bit 'yucky' in this place.  I saw a sign telling people to shower before they went in the (cold) bath, but I'm not so sure people comply.  And after being in Japan's public baths (where everybody must shower out in the open so that everybody can see you are clean before you enter the baths, or else you will be scorned)...well, this place felt a bit gross.

So all in all I was glad to have experienced this place, but next time I'll go to a place where I can actually RELAX and not have to worry about 'yuckies".  

By the way, this place isn't cheap either.  I don't consider $30 cheap for a no frills sauna/steam room/cold bath place, especially when you can use the sauna at the Y for I think $25 (and I suspect it's not as 'yucky' feeling....)
My two caveats are as follows:  
(1) Beware of annoying service-pushing; and
(2) Beware of sua sponte gratuity charges.

Don't tell the employees that it's your first time there.  We did that, and for the next hour, we were hounded by employees trying to sell us certain services.  -1 star for all that hounding.

My man and I finally decided to get the platza treatment.  It was quite an experience, and I'd say it's "the one" to get if you go to the Russian & Turkish Bath House.  It's unlike anything you'll get anywhere else, and really does feel refreshing.  That said, I found it really obnoxious that the management charges you $10 tip on a $35 service.  I understand it's a service business and tips are part of the employee's income, but gratuity does not = fee, and it's not right for a company to CHARGE you gratuity.  I suppose I could have argued or refused to pay, but really who wants to do that after several hours of relaxation?  Not me.

We ordered food, which was so-so.  It was relatively cheap, so I wasn't expecting anything outstanding.  Plus they forgot to charge us for about $10 worth of food, so I guess in the end that made up for the gratuity mishap.

Ebony from Cycle 1 of America's Next Top Model was there.  She was annoying and tried to throw water on the oven in the Russian Sauna room, which caused several people to yell at her.  Also she tried to sell me a remaining admission from a package she bought.  She called it a "Christmas present," but I refused because I didn't understand what she was trying to sell me.  I finally understood once I got home.  Could have saved me $20 off the $30 admission, but here's a tip, Ebony -- if it's a "Christmas present" then you should just give it away like an ordinary present!

In the end, knowing what I now know, I would definitely go back.  I took my man here for his birthday and he loved it.  The Bath House is a great NYC experience, but just be prepared for sub-par customer service.
Authentic, relaxing and ok services.  Honestly, they need to clean this place.  A nice deep cleaning and some new tiles would do this place a world of good.

I recommend the salt scrub, mud rub, massage combo.  LOVED IT.  This place is mostly co-ed but you can come during all male or all female hours.  
The steam rooms are good.  This place has been around for a while so I was not expecting something super modern.  The massage area upstairs and the locker rooms can use a major face-lift.  
Go with a friend so you don't feel awkward...
this place looks/feels a bit run down but its a nice place to warm up on a cold day.  Ive tryed the massage and they really push high tips
I was griping about this place over on the Talk pages and some people said "Write a review!", so here I am.

There are good things about the Tenth Street Baths: I like the sense of history (it's been here forever), I like the intense heat in some of the rooms downstairs, and I like the we're-all-in-it-together flavor the place has.  High and low, rich and poor, men and women, everyone's equal when you're in a crummy robe with sweat pouring out of you.

But there are bad things, too. The whole place feels run-down and shabby.  I guess that's supposed to be part of its charm, but if you have an ounce of squeamishness in you, you won't like it.  I'm talking about surfaces that just feel unclean, robes and towels that are so worn you can't help thinking about the last hundred bodies they were wrapped around, locker rooms you kind of don't want to set your feet down in, and frankly clientele that look just as worn-out and grotty as the space.  I'm not saying I'm a supermodel myself, and I guess some of the people who go there are, but...there are a lot of people who are at the extremes: extremely fat or extremely skinny (I saw one guy who really, honestly looked like those films of camp victims being liberated at the end of WWII), extremely tattooed  (we're talking head-to-toe, put-a-biker-to-shame stuff), extremely creepy or extremely nice...and of course the "extremely nice" part is fine, and there's plenty of it, but the "extremely creepy" part is there too, and those are the guys who follow any single woman they see from room to room, either figuratively or in some cases literally licking their lips.  I'm glad there's a place where all these people can mix in peace and harmony and I've never heard of anything bad actually happening, but it's tough to relax when Senor Creepy is watching you and you see his hand creep under his towel to "adjust himself," or when you don't see a place to sit that doesn't look unsanitary.

Which brings us to the rooftop sundeck.  As some of you know, I'm on a quest to find a place in NYC where I can sunbathe topless, and though it's not officially permitted during co-ed hours, I get the sense that the roof of the Tenth Street Baths is such a place.  It's got such a live-and-let-live vibe that I can't see them tossing a girl out just because she bared her breasts.  But...I've never been able to spend more than five minutes up there because every time I've gone there's been at least one person smoking pot, which I'm not opposed to on moral or legal grounds, but the smell really, really turns me off.  It's also not too clean or well-kept, so there's that, too...but if it weren't for the pot smell, I might put up with that.

So: the good and the bad.  It's cheaper than a spa, but it's also far worse than a spa in terms of comfort and luxury.  Better if you go with a group than if you go by yourself.  And maybe better on a single-sex day than a co-ed day, though I haven't tried that.

Overall, I didn't like it as much as I hoped I would, though I keep hoping and every so often I give it another try.
Putting this in the "day spa" category is a bit of a stretch.  I thoroughly enjoyed my experience but wouldn't call it relaxing.  More like an interesting peek into what the USSR might have been like.  Some highlights from the spartan baths:

front desk put a lock box on the counter and told me to put all valuables in there.  the box is like a safe deposit box so not big enough for purses.  felt a little bit like entering prison (not that i've been).

after changing, went down to the steam/sauna rooms which even on a co-ed day is about 80% men (and not the type you want to see barely clothed).  most of the other women were there in groups.  definitely an intimidating pace for any females flying solo.

eucalyptus room was overly minty for me but everyone else seemed to like it.  felt like i was suffocating under a cloud of wrigley's gum while contacts burned.  ouch.

the star of the show is definitely the wet room where soapy oak leaf beatings by burly russian sailor types occur.  "platza" as the commies say.  this room was a fantastic opus of activity.  every couple minutes, people get up to dump buckets of cold water over their heads to cool off (screechingly cold but refreshing).  and we all watch the platza-ing (supposedly the oak branches pierce one's skin a bit to allow the leaf oils to penetrate - more ouch).

once you've had your fill of steaming & splashing, it's dunking time.

was squeamishly dubious of the cold plunge plunge pool at first but it turned out to be amazingly refreshing.  just over chlorinated which is an unfortunate necessity once you see the guys that are lounging about.  

oh and there's a deck that's sort of like lounging on your friend's e.v. roof.

when you check out, belongings are returned and you're back to the free world.

good people watching.  fresh, moist & plumped skin. good way to spend a couple hours.  competitively priced.  nice.

didn't get a chance to try the russian cuisine - next time.
This is not for the faint-hearted.  The locker rooms definitely need renovating.  The people are very nice and treat you with respect.  They provide towels and robes which is nice.  The rooms are H-O-T!!!  I practice Bikram yoga and I never think it's hot enough in the yoga room.  But this is SOOOO hot.  I like the way they have different rooms with different temperatures.

As the previous reviews state...not for the germaphobe.  But I have to admit, I had a pulled hamstring the first time I went and when I walked out...the pain was gone!  

I went on New Year's Day when the entire city as there detoxing.  It was SOOOO crowded that one had to wait to get entry.  So go on an weekday..
Went here recently with a friend and it was well worth the trip! I am a little under the weather and hanging out at the Russian and Turkish baths definitely made me feel a little better...when I left I was able to breathe through my nose..for awhile.

My friend (a girl) and I went on Tuesday which is a co-ed day. Check the website for which days are co-ed and which are women only or men only. I have to say I would've been more comfortable going when it was women only because hanging out with so many beer-gutted, hairy men weirded me out initially...I got used to it after a few minutes though..and my friend and I did scope out the scene and found one hottie..that's the thing with co-ed, you start checking people out and you might want to avoid that entirely..it's up to you! 

When you enter the establishment, the man behind the counter asks you to give him your valuables. Do not be alarmed. This is only for safe-keeping..so my friend and I stowed away our cellphones, wallets, and mp3 players in the long aluminum drawers provided for us and we were given our keys to our lockers in the changing room. 

I have to say this place is could be a little cleaner..I've taken a trip out to Spa Castle in Queens and compared to that facility, the Russian and Turkish baths could use a little help in the sanitation department. The changing room is small and smells like mold, and when I put on the plastic slippers in the locker, one of them was still wet..hello foot fungus!..But there were plenty of towels and robes are also provided, all located on shelves right outside the changing room. We put our bathing suits on and our robes and proceeded downstairs to the baths..

We started out with the aromatherapy steam room which was intense!...I had to breathe through my mouth since my nose was all stuffed up...there was so much steam you can't see the other side of the room even though it's not very large..once we started feeling numb - which didn't take very long at all! - we moved on to the showers for a quick rinse..then into the steam room near the showers which is not as hot as the aromatherapy steam room...I thought this was wimpy so we went back to the aromatherapy steam room..after this my friend said we should try the Russian sauna which is a dry heat room. This was my favorite room! It is wicked hot in here so in order to cool off you fill a white plastic bucket with ice cold water which you sporadically dump over yourself, it's quite a shock to the system! After this we took a dip in the ice cold 4 feet deep pool which is centrally located between the rooms..ok fine I ran in and ran out. One of the masseuses said that dipping in such cold water is really good for the joints -no wonder there's polar bear swimming, it's not just a bunch of crazies after all. Since our bodies were numb from the pool, we took showers again and relaxed in the comfortable steam room. Then we hung out on the ledge by the pool where alot of other people were resting..there was one overweight black guy sitting there soaping up his entire body...
The last two rooms we tried were dry heat rooms..one was aromatherapy which smelled like tiger balm but it which was actually an herbal oil concoction of lavender and peppermint..we put dabs of this on our head and temples which started burning! I had to shower again and my friend went upstairs to get us a giant bottle of water -piece of advice, make sure you have a HUGE bottle of water with you so you can keep hydrated - the other room was not as hot and had a cold water shower you could turn out to cool off at any time...

After about an hour and a half we were done..the experience was well worth the 30 bucks! We didn't do any of the special treatments like dead sea salt scrub or any of the massages but I would like to try these at some point.

Having gone once, I would be prepared with my own slippers and a giant bottle of water for the next visit. This was really fun with just one friend but would also be a great group activity.
I'm not big on 'communal' anything; tables, sex, or even bathing for that matter. But something about the R&TB keeps drawing me back.

Yes, its old (read: a lil grimey)
Yes, the flabby senior citizens will chat you up (read: hit on you)
Yes, the Russian massuse will upsell you (read: try to rip you off)

But:
The towels are always freshly washed (and sometimes warm from the dryer).
The robes can be used to preserve your modesty/hide your cellulite.
The sauna rooms are filled with hipster hawtness.
The rooftop is perfect for escaping for a smoke break, no matter the weather.
The cafe has rustic but yummy food
...and most importantly, IT'S HOT AND CHEAP!

Personally, when I go, I like to bring:
-My own face mask/hair conditioner/body scrubs (to deeply penetrate in the heat)
-My own flip-flops (to avoid athlete's foot)
-A friend (for protection from the creepy men)
One star for the radiant heat room--I truly felt like an Eastern European hobbit dwelling deep below the earth's surface, closer to it's molten core, in a cave packed with other hairy little men plotting to retake Cyprus in hushed tones. 

One star for the cleansing Black Sea mud I rubbed all over my face and upper body, and the equally invigorating lack of notice taken by fellow sauna-goers as the messy stuff dried and crackled on my skin in the intense heat. 

One star for the nondescript exterior that gives not a hint of the homoerotic (in a good way), sardine-packed-sweaty-eastern-euro experience that begins IMMEDIATELY upon entry. 

But we'll have to keep this review at three stars for two reasons. One is the locker room which is flat out ghetto--replete with a dirty heated floor that serves to get you (and the ten thousand other dudes in there) sweating before you really want to--and enormous slumbering men who basically spoon you on their sleeping cots you while you get naked. The other is the sixth toe that's growing on my right foot, which I first noticed on the plane ride home the following day. I guess that's what I get for using their sandals.

Will I go back? Maybe. But only If this doesn't require surgery.
my friends and i bought a 49$ deal that included entry plus a treatment. It was worth it in terms of price but this is a very old school kinda place. firstly, the receptionist was very transactional, no orientation to what to do. She expected we'll figure it out. If ur looking for something posh, this is def not the place. the mud treatment was good , but i couldn't relax with the noise. after treatment, i was asked for tip upfront by Sasha, the therapist. It was a bit strange to do that but he did a good job. won't be going back
Very old place that needs a complete renovation and a lot of cleaning. All installations are very old and seem to have never been renovated.

The price is very very expensive with regards to the service and cleaness
This is a pretty ghetto bath house. Everything from the lockers to the walls are pretty rundown. The rooms are hot though so two stars for that. My favorite part is that rooftop since I can actually breathe and there's less people hanging out there. Overall, I would not pay full price admission for this place but if you haven't been to a bath house yet, I recommend it as a starter.
Everyone loves this place or so they say - when talking to patrons they say said they had other places they liked better but say some variation of "if I remember and prepare for the level of grime here, I'm fine when I get here" - Yikes.

I found the front desk person to be more interested in talking to the guests than interacting with me. Didn't bother to tell me where things were or how they work. I had to to back and ask where everything was. Don't go here if you like, want, need customer service. The repeated request to buy massages didn't bother me as it bother others - I'm fine with multiple no's.

The temps of the steam/hot room was perfect, that's all I liked about the place. The older men definitely want to engage and talk - a quick no ends that as well - no problems. There are eucalyptus leaves everywhere including floating in the cold pool, this definitely lends itself to the grimy not clean feeling. :( 

Overall, the new yorker love old things and 'in the know' things so I can see why folks like this place. I didn't hate it but I am not returning.
I have been coming here for quite a few years and as of late it seems a little less relaxing - there's always room for improvement:

****They've hired/fired a particular masseuse for inappropriately touching women -- he has been hired/fired more than once. (Previous reviews, most removed) 

****Security is only present during Men-Only hours and never the rest of the time as I've seen the absence on my other visits. This is biased and homophobic. 

I think it would be the opposite: "a man in a room full of women, excited. A woman in a room full of men, terrified."

I've seen the newest young guy - Dustin - interact with patrons; he's too pervasive, eager...needs some people training. 

- Provided or not: PLEASE wear foot protection! I bring my own. (There is no such thing as common sense: being barefoot in combination with moisture is a proven way to spread fungus; Athlete's Foot/Jock Itch - be considerate!) A lot of room to slip and REALLY cause injury (hard tile/pointed corners/water/soap/leaves everywhere), but that also depends on the type of footwear you choose. 

- It's mostly coed (men get more hours):

While everyone is equal, some places should not be coed, rather designate full DAYS for genders as there are plenty who agree with the sentiment on both sides. I think a place as such should be more fair, less phobic; especially when it's open to the public: 
     
Operating Hours per week: 79 
Men's Hours per week: 9
Women's Hours per week: 4

- The building is paid for/owned, not sure why the prices continue to rise unless it's based on property taxes? $43 (after taxes) just to walk in the door is steep. The split ownership is silly, all ego.

- Hydrate, train yourself, and build up, especially if you're new to this. On Boris' shift, the rooms are much hotter than Davids' shift - also depends on the Dept of Safety; either way, I don't suggest starting in the hottest room. 

 - There's cold water everywhere, great for the immune system, but I dodge the pool because there's way too much chlorine in it - thank the DOH for that. 

- The atmosphere is exactly what it's supposed to be: a place to sweat, not something glamorous and uncomfortably bright; steam room is way too bright and smells moldy but, for those reasons, I don't use it. Sometimes the Dry Room is too bright.

- I don't mind the invite/request for massage, but should only have to say "no" once. 

 - Most of the staff is pretty nice, the majority of the place is clean: buckets could be changed/washed more frequently, especially in the steamed rooms, they start to smell.

 - Though they could use quite a few improvements, it's still a good place to help you live a little longer. 

- L.O.
OVER PRICED !!!!!!For what this place is it's WAY OVER PRICED!!!! Not only that , they try scam you to buy more passes which is very annoying, how many times do I have to say no!!!  I can't recommend this place at all. It smells, it's old outdated, and OVERPRICED!!!
Disappointed with 10 pass card. When we showed up with the card, the staff told us we couldn't use it. The lady mentioned there are two owners and that only one of the owners accepts the card so you can only go every other week.  We were not told this when purchasing the card. Also, be aware that there are special times and day for co-ed user, and women/men only, so check the schedule before you go.We paid the $40 dollar entrance fee. The dry saunas are definitely the highlight of the spa as they are nice and hot. Unfortunately, neither of the steam rooms really got hot enough. The cleanness of the facility is questionable. You will see people bringing in their own muds and oils, and freely exfoliating in the rooms. I would definitely make sure you bring your own flip flops and shampoo and soaps. The spa tends to be rather busy and found myself standing in a number of them as there were too many people to sit down. Also, theres a little bench area you can sit and chill when your in between the saunas, but there really isn't a space where you can relax or read comfortably for an extended period of time. When paying our tab, the staff tried charged us for a water that we didnt order. I think Ive had a much better experience at other Banya like the Mermaid Spa.
There was no soap in 3 of the shower stalls I tried. So all of these people are sweating, getting in the water without getting clean first?  They are pushy about getting a massage or other treatments. I saw someone getting a massage that looked pretty dangerous. Quickly bringing the client to a cobra pose back and forth. I am very happy I didn't get one of those. I did enjoy the hot temperature and variety of steam rooms. It's kind of an amusing and friendly place. Lots of loud talking in the sauna's so not really a  place if you are looking for peace and quiet.
We discussed heading all the way out to Flushing for the Korean spa, but decided to stay local and do the Russian and Turkish baths instead.  My bf warned me that it was bare bones and not what I was used to at the korean spa, so I was well prepared.

Like many have emphasized, this place is basic but gets the job done.  No frills is an understatement.  The only kind of soap offered in the bathroom and showers is the the pink industrial stuff you get from school or some other standard public location.  All of the rooms are very dark, so you can't see if it's clean or not, but it doesn't smell dirty, so I think it's ok?  It's pretty amazing how they fit so many rooms into such a small space.  my personal favorite was the dry sauna, but it seemed everyone else's favorite was the super hot platza room, where you feel like you're melting after a few minutes.  When we were in that room, there was a really loud dude doing what sounded like super loud and annoying verbal calistenics non-stop.  He would eventually stop to go out and take a dip in the plunge pool and return to disrupt everyone's peace again.  I would have stayed in that room longer if he wasn't there.

I didn't use the plunge pool to cool off, but instead used cold bursts of the shower water and at some points just rested on the benches between rooms.  At one point, a group of people were in the plunge pool and an old bearded man (who my bf says is a regular) yelled to them to make sure they didn't get their ears wet.  Yikes.

Overall, it was fine.  I got my sweat on and hopefully rid myself of some toxins.  I will probably make the trek out to the korean spa in Flushing the next time for some more peace and an ability to actually see my surroundings. 

For the record, I've been to authentic turkish baths in istanbul and loved them.  This place was... not quite the same.
Great place for saunas/ steam rooms, but that's pretty much it. Everything here screams unsanitary. Service is really straight-forward, unprofessional, and almost nonexistent. If you are looking for a grade A experience, it might be in your best interest to look elsewhere. 

First off for "Russian & Turkish Baths", the name is highly misleading as there are no baths. There are only steam rooms, saunas, and 1 cold water pool (which doesn't count!). However, I made the most of it and the steam/sauna experience was actually a decent time. 

Avoid the food if you can, I ordered food from them only because I was starving - the plates and silverware didn't look very clean. Definitely eat before then to come hungry. 

Also for the entire crowd that is there, I believe there is only one restroom located on the first floor. Um.. really?

My massage was probably the worst experience ever. I was taken upstairs to the roofdeck and had the massage in a small shanty wooden outdoor post. Yes, very similar to the ones in horror movies. Sketch much? The masseuse kept eyeing the clock to ensure that the massage did not go overtime. At one point, the door even opened obviously exposing myself to the world. Good thing I was covered by a towel then. But seriously, what if I wasn't?  So unprofessional.

After, she took me downstairs to the register and watched as I left her tip. The moment I thought I was done, she immediately said the tip was too low. Last time I checked, the tip amount was up to the guest. Because of how hostile she was, I was pretty much forced into giving her more tip. 

I'd possibly come back to use their sauna and steam rooms, but I'd much rather avoid coming here altogether. #sorrynotsorry
I was pretty excited to try this place. I love spas, and this promised to be a unique "only in NY" experience. Let's start with the "good" things (and I use that term loosely here): I enjoyed that one room (I think it's the redwood room) with the pails of freezing cold water. There's nothing that emulates the sheer joy of dumping freezing water over your head in an oven-like atmosphere. (I am not being sarcastic, I enjoyed this sensation.) I also liked the outdoor patio, although I did not like the fact that another guest brought a rotisserie chicken in a bag and ate it with her fingers while lounging on the chaise. Ewwww.

Which brings me to the bad stuff about this place.

Wellllll.... This place scared the bejeezus out of me. For one thing, everything seemed filthy. The floors is littered with discarded, soppy towels. Everything smells like mildew. There are random buckets filled with soapy water and twigs shedding their leaves, which wind up scattered across the floor, clogging the floor drains. (Apparently, these branches are used for treatments.) A piece of the ceiling literally crumbled onto the floor during my visit. The bathrooms are situated right next to the cold-water pool, which means you get to smell the bodily expulsions of all the other visitors.

I didn't want to touch anything -- door handles, faucets, the "clean" towels. I left after 1.5 hours, and even that felt like a chore.

To be fair, my fianc loves this place. Maybe it's more of a guy thing.
If you live or work in lower Manhattan, then this is a pretty convenient bath house, but it lacks in amenities when compared to most other bath houses around the city. The space is tiny and the owners do what they can with it, but the limited square footage means there's no hot jacuzzi, regular pool, lounge chair area, or even regular seating for a large number of people. The place is always packed so people are falling over each other, there aren't enough seats, and you have to shove your way through the hallway, which is exceedingly slippery because of the water.

I really enjoyed the eucalyptus scent in one of the steam rooms the first time I went but there was no scent in either room last time I went (disappointing). I enjoyed my platza treatment with Victor but wasn't expecting the soapy water and massage/stretching that accompanied it. Perhaps this is also common, it's just that the platza I've had at a few other places has been solely focused on the leaf smacking. 

Finally, as a woman, I'm overwhelmed, uncomfortable, and turned off by the massive number of men that go here. Some of them are cool young guys that make good conversation or just leave you alone but many of them are middle age and old men that just stare at women's breasts the entire time. It's very uncomfortable. Last time I went, the hottest sauna included myself, one female friend, and 13 men. The most balanced the room got was 3 women and 9 men and I just wasn't feeling it.
I cannot believe that these baths cost the same to get into as Spa Castle, which is so much bigger and nicer and more comfortable. Maybe I would have had a better time if I went on an all-women day. I definitely felt like a lot of men leered at me and I felt generally uncomfortable. Everything seemed dirty and cramped. I did like the Turkish sauna and the Russian sauna was nice and hot. In general, though, this bathhouse is over priced and not clean and felt like a dungeon. And I have low standards.
Avoid Dennis, the big Russian guy--  I got a 3-treatment thing (salt, mud, body wash) for $100. It lasted only 30 minutes, and HALF that time (while the mud sat on my body-- supposedly that was therapeutic) he was out trolling for other customers. I'd say negotiate the time SPENT WORKING ON YOU before you buy any services.

What is the "8% SERVICE CHARGE" they are charging now??

Also, it's creepy and dangerous that they often leave the emergency exit open in the sauna area (which exits right at ground level, near the entrance). Anyone could walk in.

They allow smoking on the roof, which is awful...when I was there, there was an old rabbi there smoking a cigar and pretending to read while he cruised guys.

Otherwise, it is what it is. Old school charm,  needs a complete renovation. Bring Lamasil to put on before you leave.
I am going to avoid writing a long review as there are many about this place.  A bathhouse is supposed to help you detox.  Instead I became uptight and very uncomfortable by the atmosphere, and trust me, I'm not an uptight person.  I'm all about  " no frills" and the basics, but dirty, tons of creepy people, and unmaintained facilities is not acceptable.....

Maybe some of the saunas downstairs will be worth it if you can close your eyes throughout the process before you step into a sauna.  However, I'm particurally scared of the people on this Board who give this place five stars.  Do these people live under the bridge or something?
I've been here three times in my 9 years in New York City.  Yes, it is dirty but I didn't experience any exceptional rudeness though I am sure some people have as Russian personalities can be cold but some can also be very nice.

When I was here I saw a lot of dirty stuff. One guy was cleaning out his toe nails in the Turkish Sauna, scraping inside with a pick to clean it out and clipping his nails. That was pretty icky.  I agree with another writer, it is always wet and cramped downstairs.  I go regularly to a Banya in Brooklyn now. My Russian friends brought me to a place called Sandoony on McDonald Avenue.  I'm a big regular in the winters.  You can sit and drink tea with honey and cherry's or beer inbetween your visits to the three different sauna's.  They also have giant plates of steamed shrimps and garlic butter dipping sauce.  They also have a really great place to eat there once your done or inbetween your visits in the sauna's.  There is also a wet steam room, pool, hot tub and a cold dipping pool as well as showers on each end of the main room to clean yourself between trips inside the sauna's.  I think it's worth the trip to Brooklyn to go here.  

Sorry, R & T Baths.  You need to remodel your place and clean it up. It is pretty gross. I would become a costumer if it was remodeled and not so dirty.
Hmmm. 

I tried this place for the first time ever and was quite underwhelmed. I knew it would be a "no-frills" kind of place and that is totally okay, but it was not only "no-frills" it was kind of dirty and some of the sauna rooms weren't really that great. 

Firstly, it was gross. I'm just going to say it. I felt as if it wasn't really a place in which I wanted to  be hanging out in my bathing suit. Also, they say everyone gets slippers for the price of entry. True. But, uh, I am not sure I want to put my feet in some sweaty, used, unwashed slippers. I did, because when I tried to go barefoot one of the employees looked at me like I might be crazy. 

As for the actual saunas, the Russian one is awesome...really hot, really, really hot. And I did take a dip in the ice cold pool...even though it was dirty and had some weird leaves and some other debris floating around in it. The Turkish sauna was nice. But the Aromatherapy Sauna literally smelled like sweat socks. Not lavender. Not Eucalyptus. Just like sweaty, sweaty sweat socks. 


Yeah. Not sure. I feel weird about it.
I've been going to this place for over a decade. 

I do like the 'no frills' atmosphere. However all they have been doing
ever since I started going there is raise the prices.

I don't expect them to turn the place into an advertising boutique but just a little maintenance ?

Cracked glass window in the steambaths, peeling paint, cracked tiles everywhere, dripping appliances where you need to know the secret handshake to turn them off.

Sorry but for $35 / per visit the level of obvious neglect is just a bit over the top.
1. It was overcrowded
2. Staffs were unfriendly (except the guy who gives towels),  
3. I felt it was very dirty. 
4. Had to wait for a while to use shower.
Good massages BUT i) overpriced, ii) very very rude staff and iii) you lose all your good energy as you fight with them not to be overcharged upon leaving (do not pay an additional 30 dollars entry fee on top of the mud treatment as it happens in the same place).

Thanks to fellow Yelpers I now see that there are probably better places ....
The sports massage I received was halfway decent.  Everything else sucked.  Place is dirty.  From the moment I walked in I was approached by just about every "attendant" to try to sell me another service.  Massauer was tacky, and told me how much I needed to tip him before he started massage (too bad because I had intended on tipping him more).  Overall an upsetting, rather than relaxing experience.
Cramped, unclean vibe, lack of a pool, and cold water plunge wasn't really that cold.  The place on Fulton St. is more modern.
It is not worth the money you pay. I went on Sunday morning, place was not clean.
I felt disappointed. And The steam room or sauna was not warm enough.
if you have ever gone to a Sauna in Europe expecting to find something similar here, then you are in for a big disappointment.
a) All the saunas and steam rooms are in the basement and looks like one long corridor. 
b) THERE IS NO RELAXATION ROOM!!! Everyone crowds around sitting on an uncomfortable bench and I was even standing cause there was no sitting place. 
c) it DID NOT look hygienic.
d) They do not have towels of various sizes incase you want to wrap around yourself.
e) They do not provide with water cause you get dehydrated. You have to buy them in bottles and take them with you everywhere.

On the whole, I DID NOT have a good experience. 
My search for a European styled sauna continues.
Went here for the first time after buying the $12 admission ticket from thedealist.  If you really like saunas and have a high tolerance for grime then I would say $12 dollars is worth it, but not for the usual fee of $30.

Pros:
The sauna rooms are crazy hot.  I've been to a couple places where the sauna was barely even a sauna, but the "Russian Room" is basically a stone oven.  I really felt like I was being cooked.  The other rooms were similarly toasty.  I have a high tolerance for heat and rather like it, but I noticed a lot of the other patrons could only stand it for a couple minutes (really, less than 5 minutes) before retreating back out.

Another nice thing is the variety of rooms.  Other than the Russian Room there was also a regular dry wood sauna, a Turkish Room and an aromatherapy room.  I also think there's something just called a steam room but I didn't go in there.

Cons:
This place is dirty!  Like seriously, it's not even just that the place is old but there is mildew on the shower heads and dust (?) on the seating area of the Turkish Room.  For a place that is called a bath house I did not leave feeling clean.

Also, there is not really a bath.  They have one cold pool but other than that just a couple of mildewy shower stalls and all the shower water flows out into a drain in the middle of the room.  (I had to hop over some mystery drainage while crossing from one sauna to the next.) In the shower stalls there is no where to hang your towel or put your toiletries (only hand soap dispenses in some of the shower stalls).

It is crowded and small.  I arrived around 3pm on Friday afternoon and it was already beginning to fill up.  The women's locker room is tiny with only one mirror and an ancient hairdryer.  Around 5pm it was seriously crowded and people were squeezing into the saunas and flowing out into the hallway.

TL;DR:
If you like hot and don't care about grime then this is the place for you.  Bring your own flipflops, bathing suit and a big bottle of water.
Pros:
The various steam rooms are great and offer an invigorating heat to sweat out the toxins, If you are looking for fancy, then do not visit, as it is over 100 yrs old with that old world charm,

Cons:
cleanliness is not their strong point. The linens and towels smell horrible and the cold pool was pretty gross with a merky film on top.
The staff were highly agressive and fighting over who will give me one of their treatments. I was very put off by that and found it hard to relax. I suggest opting out of any of their treatments. Many famous people have tried the baths which was cool, but I can't imagine any of them wanting to come back. I have a bath at home and it's clean.

two stars go to the steam rooms.
I went here for a Friday night party, and was certainly glad I went. This place is Old World comfort, which although a little rough and grungy around the edges was quite relaxing. I didn't make it up the the Hookah room, and the sun deck was closed because of the snow, but I took full advantage of the bathing facilities.

There was the volcanic heat of the Russian Room, where you can get a little bonus show by watching someone get the platza (a treatment with a soapy oak leaf beating by a surly looking Russian guy with dousings of icy cold water). Then a quick cool off in the cold pool before hitting either the dry or Turkish sauna or the steam room.

The locker system there was rather interesting, you don't get a key to your locker, but a tag (which doubles as the billing number for food, drinks and special treatments) that will allow you to ask a front desk staff member to come into the lockeroom with you to get your stuff.

All and all a really fun experience, and I would recommend it for someone looking for unique budget relaxation, but prefer other places.
Ok. As far as a cultural experience and an amazing history, five stars.

But honestly? Kind of gross. Maybe I'm spoiled by the larger banias in the outer boroughs, but I like a little more space when I'm sharing sweat with unidentifiable strangers. I also thought we could grab a bite poolside like many of the other spots I've been to. Instead, we sat on plastic chairs by the entrance shivering in our robes and trying to down our pickles served to us on a styrofoam plate so we could get back down to the sweaty steam. Idyllic it wasn't.
This most recent visit has left me SHOCKED!  

MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE PRICES OF EVERYTHING BEFORE YOU GO.  DON'T TRUST THEM.  (They do not have your best interest in mind)

WARNING: BEWARE of the seemingly nice man offering you a massage or scrub that tells you a cheaper price to get you hooked.  It seems so innocent when they come and bother you in a steam room, tell you a "too good to be true" price, and then lead you upstairs...and when your 30 minutes are up...THEY CHANGE THE PRICE!  

There was one employee who tried to help my situation and even told me how this man is notorious for tricking clients and that the owners/employees were all aware of it. BUT when the issue was in front of the owner as I checked out, he just stuck his fingers in his ears and practically at the top of his lungs screamed like a child throwing a tantrum "i am ze owner, i am ze owner, i make ze decisions" 

Thanks a lot you jerks, my entire day (my birthday) of relaxation was completely brought back down to reality with your lying and rude behavior.
The steam and sauna rooms were okay.  It all makes for a kind of gritty experience.  My major complaint is about the "services".  I was charged almost $150.00 for a "wash and mud application plus exfoliation".  This all took place within 30 minutes.  I was hustled by the technician big time, and since it was my first time there I should have known better.  My suggestion is to determine what service what you want at the front desk and DO NOT let them steer you into something else once they get you behind the curtain.   Unless you don't mind paying triple of what you expected.
The place seemed nice enough, a little like the Division Street Russian Turkish Baths in Chicago.  It was a bit bewildering having to adjust to the culture of this specific "shvitz-platz"; except for specific hours they're co-ed and require all men to wear shorts and women to wear bikinis.

The platza treatment is one of their big hustles. I arrived there with 2 male friends and we were repeatedly offered the platza treatment, which, at $35 on the menu, we turned down automatically.  It was only then that we were triple-teamed and snookered into receiving the platza despite at least one of our objections.  I thought one of my friends was picking up the tab or it was being offered as a complimentary service.  The service was decent and attentive overall.  However, when I went to pay the bill, my friend & I were indeed charged for it -- $45 per, driving what would have been a simple shvitz of $60 for 2 people into a $150 lesson.  Since I am a bodyworker, I can write off this expense.  Just the same, I didn't really want a platza treatment but was strong-armed into receiving one.  This was and is straight-up deceptive business practices, and shady as hell.  I will contact the Better Business Bureau, be assured.

As for overt sexual misconduct, I was fortunate not to have observed any such shenanigans.  Men & women shvitzed in relative peace.  I am sorry to hear about Dee's experience.  But be warned of the platza hustle.  If you did not order it specifically, turn it down emphatically.  Or better yet, avoid this place.
This is the oldest Manhattan bathhouse built by Jewish immigrants in 1892. East Village location and a long history make this place one of the busiest banyas in New York. Heat rooms consist of "Russian sauna", "Swedish" and "Turkish" steam room. Or at least that's what the owners would like them to be called in quite an unorthodox classification. The gloomy "Russian sauna" has cold shower, bare cement walls and benches. This may be an authentic Jewish shvitz you would likely to find in Poland, but why call it Russian? Instead of traditional Russian venik (a bundle of leafy twigs), a funny broom on a wooden stick is used for platza.

Turkish bath hammam is supposed to be octagon shaped with a platform in the middle of the room, with heated marble floor and masseur doing marvelous Turkish massage. Having a gym-like steam room with radiator heating is a weak excuse for calling the bathhouse Turkish. 

On a bright side the Ice pool is big and cold. There is a sun deck surrounded by residential buildings. Extra services like Swedish/Russian Massage, Platza Oak Leaf, Dead Sea Salt Scrub, Black Mud Treatment and Soap Wash are available for a reasonable price. Some mornings are reserved for single sex bathing, so make sure to check the scheduler before going. The restaurant serves a regular Russian food with sensible prices. The service is open hearted, but unsophisticated.
The bathhouse is a unique New York / Jewish experience. It may be very close to what New Yorkers experienced 100 years ago. It is unfortunate though that in the eyes of many it misrepresents what Russian banya is.

Pros: Relatively cheap. Good location. Interesting from historical point of view. In the mornings you may get some good steam.
Cons: Ancient decor, worn feel. Very busy. Not a Russian nor a Turkish bath.
Conclusion: This is true New York / Jewish experience that's worth a visit. Just don't think you've got some exotic taste of Russian banya, because you haven't. 

You will find much better choices if you just google "russian bath in new york"
We were a party of three.  Our experience was mixed.

The massage "therapist" was very pushy (to a very unpleasant degree) selling  massage/mud/salt package.  I signed up to the mud treatment.  He rushed through, not letting mud dry properly.  Did not provide clear answers to questions about treatment options.  And the final faux pas, asking  outright for a tip at the end of the therapy.

They total up your bill at the checkout desk when you are ready to leave.  The checkout clerk also got pushy asking about the tip  amount to add to the bill.   He didn't take a simple no tip for an answer.   

These guys don't get it.  You don't get a tip by demanding it.  You get it because the customer wished to express gratitude for a good service.  (I see that others have commented on being pushed to tip.)

SO, NEVER GOING TO THIS BATH AGAIN.  

BTW, Victor the oak leaves therapist (which we also used) was fabulous (and was tipped 25% for that).
The worst experience ever, chose that place because they had a pool, but couldn't even swim there. It looked really dirty, when I asked the front desk person she said it might be chemicals but she wasn't sure since she never saw the pool. Ridiculous! She actually asked me to send her a picture of it. The food at the cafe was ok, but the waiters were really rude and unprofessional.
The place is in serious need of updating. It surprises me that it has been allowed to remain open this long. 

Would not recommend it.
It's like the producers of SAW took over an abandoned locker room. I bought a Groupon and went on a Saturday and it was a moist, fleshy mad house. Paid for a 30 minute massage and it only lasted 20, and the woman giving the massage was disturbingly forthright about the cleanliness. "This is not a spa. Dirty people come here and leave their dirt behind. Do not touch your eyes or your mouth or you might catch something. And if your towel smells weird make sure to get another one." And she was spot-on. It definitely is not a spa, and today I feel like I'm coming down with a fever. You can tell the place does not get the scrub-down it needs for the amount of people using it. This was the 3rd Turkish bath I've been to--one in Turkey and one in Bulgaria--and it was by far the least hygienic of them all. They're also horribly pushy about tipping. Total waist of time and money. I really feel swindled.
Dirty, the staff straight up ask me how much i was going to tip after a treatment. The receptionist acted in a way that convince me that she hates her job.
I came here last Saturday afternoon with my boyfriend (with a groupon).  The entire place feels dirty, like nothing has been updated or cleaned in years. It was not relaxing, and not even worth a $5 admission (so I was pretty sad I paid $40 for 2 groupons).

Once you enter, there are a bunch of chairs and a food/drink counter (presumably, the "restaurant" that the website says they have). You check in, and are asked to put your wallet and anything of importance in a shoebox size locker.  The women's locker area is extremely small, but fine. No amenities whatesoever.

Downstairs area is where the saunas and one cold pool are. It was very crowded, with many people just sitting around outside the saunas, I believe to cool off .. but because it was so crowded, it wasn't a relaxing experience at all.  the saunas are ok -- not bad, but not great. and the entire area smells .. a combination of b.o. and chlorine. the cold water pool was dirty -- you could see leaves (don't even know where that came from) and brown stuff floating in it.    We sat in each sauna for 5 minutes just because we paid for the groupon.

Then we went upstairs to the rooftop -- it was nice that weekend so I thought we could at least lounge and relax on the rooftop chairs.  NO.  the roof is worse than the downstairs area.  the lounge chairs were made of peeling wood .. felt absolutely filthy and disgusting.

Save your money and go to Aire Ancient Baths or even Spa Castle.  I wouldn't return to this place if you paid me.
'Crusty' is the most appropriate word to describe this place. Yes, It's authentic, but in this case  that means extremely rude customer service, shoddy amenities, and an overpriced experience. There are other places in the city with much bigger and better offerings for the same price.
This place is very creepy and shady. I did not have a good experience at all. The two owners are both very rude and the people that work there are very odd. The older Russian lady that works there was starring at me the whole time and she kept asking me if i want a massage. if i wanted a massage i would ask for one. I defiantly didn't want any services from this nasty run down place. They keep harassing you for a membership. This place needs a F grade.
This place used to be gritty, but a decent getaway from the cold. It has gone downhill and was so flithy upon my last visit that I have not returned. There were hair clumps in the cold pool, floors/steps slick with who  knows what, no soap in the showers and a rude front desk staff.  Spend the extra time getting to a good korean spa for a worthwhile and hygienic experience.
I am a huge fan of this facility, especially the Russian Sauna.  I've come here for years and usually turn down any treatment solicitation from any of the men that work there.  I was there this past weekend and decided to give Gene a chance.  I guess I wanted to believe that the people who work there are professionals.  I am still in shock of how violated I feel after the treatment.  WOMEN unless you're looking for a fondle, stay away from the treatments.  This is no laughing matter and with a bruise below my navel, I could probably press charges.  This guy tried to cop a feel below my belly button while I was lying down on the table.  He didn't get low enough so his finger mark is right above my groin.  He then very subtly slid his hand below my breast as he pretended to put mud along the side of my back.  I got uncomfortable so he asked if it was OK.  I couldn't wait for the stupid treatment to be over. I was covered in mud but looking back now I should have just told him to leave me to wash myself.  I was so in shock it didn't hit me how violated I felt until that evening.  I'm still in shock and wanted to write this for women wanting to visit.  DON'T GET A TREATMENT FROM THE DUDES.

To the owners of this place.  You need to rethink how your men treat women in this place.   I saw another man giving a young girl a Platza treatment.  She asked him not to massage so hard.  She was quite small.  He proceeded to tell her to relax, it's OK, relax completely ignoring her request laughing with the other guy who was treating her friend.

I would love to send some undercover cops to this place.  Get those dirt bags out and make it an even better place to visit.
Yo the people who work at this place are mad weird. They harass you for a membership even when you already said "NO" twice. The guys who give massage walk around harassing you for massages. It's weird when a Russian guy says he can make you feel good. Not sure when the place got its last inspection but it's mad dirty.
Disgust is an understatement. I was grossed out from the moment I walked in. The floor was gross, sticky, and there were a ton of men just lingering around during coed hours. The sun deck was full of a group men being rowdy and obnoxious. I don't understand how this place appeals to anyone. A man approached my friend and I and creepily asked us if we wanted a massage. We ran out within 5 minutes, never even changed. Got my money back, ladies be cautious!!!
I absolutely love their branch in Miami. This place is interesting, I suppose, but dark and chaotic, with lots of half naked men leering at you (whether you are M or F). We had confirmed reservations for treatments, by email - which they say on their website is advisable - Don't bother. It was meaningless. No one there appeared to know about them or care about them.

This would definitely be a worthwhile place to visit when it's 15 degrees out. But I'd go to nearly any other schvitz before returning here. Disappointed.
This place is full of obnoxious men. Random men have harassed me, told me to "SMILE" (for their enjoyment!), asked intrusive questions, and shouldered me when I'm trying to pass by. I am regularly being asked the "Where are you from?" question by random elements for their own curiosity, which I don't appreciate. In co-ed hours, it is not really co-ed but a men's space. Even when I feel I'm left alone, there are always the entitled and obnoxious older white men who will subject everyone else in the sauna room to their loud conversation. 

In contrast to some reviewers here, I think the facilities are fantastic. There are a lot of comments that are very culturally insensitive and only betray class or white or first-world privilege, some are very objectifying and ethnophobic.

But unfortunately, the sexism and harassment are not worth it: I have to recover from the experience after, so what is the point?!
If you're a female only go during women's hours. I've heard of heinous acts of sexual harassment against females during co-ed hours. 

Also, from one female to others, DO NOT GET A MASSAGE HERE. I've personally experienced sexual harassment and heard of other instances from women here. Yesterday I got a massage from Sasha and he completely removed all of the towels from me, exposing my naked body. He then proceeded to rub my butt cheeks apart, exposing my privates. I don't know why I didn't realize that this was inappropriate behavior in the moment or sooner, but realized this later during the day. My friend also said she was talking to another customer about Sasha during my massage and this woman said he massaged her private parts. 

My friend had a personal experience when another masseuse showed her his erect penis while massaging her. Albeit, that masseuse has since been fired from the establishment, however, there are other violators who are masseuses here. 

BE CAREFUL WOMEN!!!
One of my least favorite lifetime experiences!  I took a friend here to celebrate her birthday on a "ladies only" morning.  I was put off right up front by the price which seems kind of steep for the use of a fairly dirty place (old is okay; dirty is not) with the use of a small towel and a locker.  However, the communal spirit of the gathering of women of all ages, colors and sizes in various amounts of mostly un-dress seemed charming and "old worldly."  That was the good part!  I had inquired when we first arrived about both of us getting a massage.  I was told by the young male attendant at the front desk to "arrange it with the women inside."  Assuming we'd need an appointment, the first thing we did inside was find the massage area where two older Russian women seemed to be working on bodies inside small stalls with swinging doors, similar to a standard women's toilet stall except slightly larger.  One of the two "masseuses" ("Rosa" we learned later) came bounding out of her swinging door, leaving her client laying there.  We explained we'd like to arrange for two 30 minute massages.  The price for a 30 minute massage was posted on multiple signs around the establishment. She told us she had 2 clients in front of us, and told us when to promptly return.  We went off to the steam rooms and baths, but returned a good 20 minutes early to sit waiting for our turns on a bench.  A some point, Rosa again left her current client to run upstairs and brought us a couple plastic bowls of black "mud" and told us to cover ourselves.  We questioned if the "mud" was free and she reassured us that it was.  Since we'd clearly requested "massage," covering ourselves with mud seemed odd.  But, what the heck!  Finally, at the appointed time, Rosa came out calling us.  I suggested that my birthday friend go first.  I sat on the bench while she had 20 (TWENTY!) minutes of some sort of service.  I  was puzzled, but went into the stall for my turn.  First, I was told to take off the bikini pants I was wearing.  I complied and threw them into a corner.  I was told to lay on a specific spot on the small towel on the massage towel. Next, Rosa spent several minutes bitching about how my pants had "messed up" her room.  Then, she took a hose (Yes! Like garden hose!) and rinsed off the "mud."  She then applied something that felt like a salt product.  No massage.  Just applied.  Next I was subjected to many minutes of being told how uptight I was, how I'd ruined my body, and how it was all my fault.  Geee!  I sure felt more relaxed after THAT!  Next, the same hose with warm water washed of the salt stuff, and another layer of some salt stuff was applied.  Rosa spent that time telling me how she only put that special salt on her "special clients."  Hose rinse off; and I was announced "much more relaxed" and "finished."  20 minutes!  Not one stroke of massage and Voila!  I sheepishly dressed and went back to my friend on the bench where we discussed the two 20 minute gip jobs.  Rosa came out and we confronted her, trying to be nice, about the 10 minutes missing from both of our times and the lack of "massage."  She had a million excuses, in broken English, but finally suggested we stay another 45 minutes until the female attendant came on shift.  She promised she would talk to that person about reducing our price.  When we finally had the "discussion" with the new attendant and Rosa, we were told repeatedly how we'd gotten $90 worth of services for $55.  Apparently, we had supposedly asked for a "3 treatment" (mud, salt, salt?) session x $30 each treatment, and Rosa had "reduced the rate!"  We repeatedly explained that we'd asked for a 30 minute massage each, NOT "treatments."  The front desk lady finally said she'd reduce the rate ($180!) by $20.  I really didn't want to ruin my friend's birthday, so I agreed, and refused to tip Rosa.  Rosa spent the next 15 minutes while we dressed running around yelling about she was cheated and wouldn't get paid!  How embarrassing!  In the end, when I got the credit card bill, $5 each was taken off the bill!  This place is a total rip off!
Disgusting. I don't know how they pass the health inspection. Mold and mildew everywhere. The top of the pool grout is white, then turns completely black! You would think they can afford to close down the place for a day to regrout or bleach the tiles, cover up the cracks and rust stains?
I went to the baths to experience a flash from East Village's cultural past despite warnings about its lack of hygiene (I'm an avid traveler so I can handle questionable levels of cleanliness). 

The place did indeed live up to its aforementioned grunginess. But I didn't really mind that so much compared to its customer "service". Which was non-existent except when it came time to check-out. 

Was it hyper-tension that made the guy working behind the counter bark that I was taking too long to locate an online voucher I'd already paid for? Was it a grapple with anger management that caused him to demand that I take out my phone (that he'd already handed back me) and leave it on their front desk until I cashed out? 

Did I look like I was walking away and going to dodge past the throng of Russian men by the door to avoid paying? Was it wrong of me to ask for a quick explanation when you said my voucher wasn't valid at the end? Then I apologize. I didn't know you had some sort of policy against using vouchers on "Boris' shift." Who's Boris, one may ask? I'm still not sure. I'm sorry I took extra 32 seconds of your time by asking you to explain.

I have a feeling that all these mishaps between us could've been avoided if you'd just asked me to step aside and took care of the lady behind me while I looked through my bag. But you're right. You're completely justified in telling me off. I tried to explain that I was a new customer and that I didn't know how your policies worked. But again, you're right in telling me that you "don't need new customers." My bad; I should've known better. 

It's a shame. I really wanted to like you, Belligerent Check-Out Man. But for around the same price, a much more civil time could be had at the Wall St Baths.
For the record I went here in the 80s and enjoyed it, it was quiet and felt very traditional.  That is no more.  Some highlights of my experience this Sunday.

I asked if they had coffee after checking in and received a stream of abuse - "we have never made coffee here!!".   Then I was given a dirty empty tin coffee mug.  Assuming this meant "ok we are done fucking with you" I asked again if they had coffee.  More abuse.  In the end I just put the cup down somewhere in the front., only to see they had charged me $10 for a "drink".  Fucking criminals.

I was there on a men's only morning, it was virtually all gay, and not just gay but super gay.  Lots of queens sashaying around throwing come-hither looks at a long bench of man-gazing gays.  So for the incredibly rude assholes at the front desk, hear this:  you are a GAY gay club!  

Here are few ironic / scary / inane things I saw.

A pretty nice guy saying to me for no apparent reason  "be careful now, no hanky panky" and rushing off mid-sentence after a little Asian boy.  

Some ugly beefy guy about 45 was jabbing his finger at a man in his 70s saying "I have the authority here and you will respect me!  I am the security guard and you have not respected me!"   I asked the old dude what he had done and he said he had no idea.  

A 50-something fashionista arriving before the end of the men's period reporting to the front desk: "I SAW A PENIS".  Actual quote. 

A hipster guy looking in a mirror and repeating to his reflection "my feet are covered in semen. my feet are covered in semen".   

The masseuse who kept opening my shower door mid-shower, telling me to run the big hose to clean it after I was done.  Clean what?  Done with what?

What a shit hole.  Never again.  

For you (us) gays, what's the appeal here?   Do you really want to experience gay life under Nicolae Ceausescu? 

For the women, maybe this appeals to SITC types who are desperate to experience the 'real New York' which for them is in fact unattainable.  Sorry Sarah Jessica Grackle.

For the hipsters....enjoy!
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL POSSIBLE COST. I am Russian and this place is a disgrace to what's commonly known as a Russian bathhouse. THIS IS THE FILTHIEST venue I HAVE EVER VISITED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. Everything smelled like s...t. The place looked like it has not been renovated in decades (probably since the Bolshevik Revolution). Steam rooms, saunas and shower cabins are so nasty that I was afraid to touch anything around me.This place is tiny and there is barely any space to move around; it gets very crowded during the evening hours, whether you're inside or outside on the deck so you cannot even normally sit down and relax. People on the deck openly smoked weed.  The place was filled with some weirdos, hipsters and fellas who looked and acted like they belong to some spiritual cult. Horrifying experience for a normal human being. Lastly, the co-owner of this fine establishment -Dmitry- kept yelling out profanities throughout the entire time I was trying to relax and watch the World Cup game. I strongly suspect that any 4-  or 5-star review of this place is fake. DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS DUMPSTER unless you have no respect for yourself or your hard-earned money.
Giving this dump one star because zero isn't possible. Gross, outdated, expensive considering the filth, and the rude staff... I get the appeal for guys who want to go check out other guys and still pretend they are not - but seriously? It's NYC in 2014, upgrade this hell hole and be honest about it all
Just got out of this place and I have to say this is by far the WORST Banya I have ever been to. I am Russian and therefore have visited many different bathhouses but never have seen one as filthy and ridiculously nasty as this one. I felt sick upon coming in , and decided to give it a try and go downstairs. Upon smelling the chlorine infested floor downstairs and seeing the general public I decided to leave. I highly recommend never coming here !!
Friends take it from a Russian, NEVER EVER go to the Russian & Turkish Baths on East 10th in the city. Dirtiest sauna and steam rooms I've ever been to. Only one decently heated room which smelled horribly. The crowd was full of hipsters who had no idea what they were doing. And to top it off there are no showers in the locker rooms. Never again.
If you're just going for the steam rooms and saunas, it's fine. A little gritty, but fine. 

If you're going to get the mud or salt treatment, you're going to get ripped off. I asked what the price was, and he said $55 per treatment, $99 for all 3. We turned it down, thinking that is just way too much for a salt scrub. Then he kept following us around the spa until he finally went down to $55 for all three, split between the two of us. It wasn't until I was naked on the table that he told me, we would split the  same package for $99 and we had to do a $20 tip. The whole thing was done in under ten minutes and I was naked in front of a strange man, dazed and confused. Meanwhile, my friend underwent the process in 30 minutes and I ended up with a tab of $135 on my credit card. I felt totally violated and cheated.

Load of shet.
Slimy in more ways than one.
I'd been coming here on and off for more than ten years.
It has its quirks and other reviews will give you a good idea of what's good about the place.
But as you'll read in other reviews, this place has some really slimy business practices lately.
About a year ago, after a day there, the guy at the desk totally bullied me into buying 
a 10 visit pass which he said was good "forever" and that I could use whenever I came.  When he quoted the price he made it sound like the day I'd just spent there was included.  It wasn't.
He was so rude and pushy in a crazy kind of old school Russian way- I almost just paid him to watch the insane technique and then to get out of there.
I figured it would take me years to use up these 10 visits, especially since he'd been such a jerk that I didn't want to go back for a while.  
Finally, I went back to use up two of the passes by bringing a friend.
Turns out my card "must have" been issued on one of the "Boris" days, and couldn't be used because this was a "David" day.  
They never told me there was any distinction when I bought the card.
She was also "unable" to confirm that my card was bought on a "Boris" day.
So I had to buy two more days.
As people will tell you, it was dirty and smelly, even at 10:30 in the morning and what was charming was to meet an overly friendly drunk guy drinking a giant can of beer in the sauna.
The crowd seemed extra creepy, they are pushy with the services, they've added fees onto the massage services, they do leave you waiting for them during the mud and salt scrubs so they do not spend the full time allotted, they are pervy when they're doing the massages.
It's colorful, it's an institution, I can handle a little perviness as long as it's not real violation- but I think this place has become too slimy for me in every way.
It's unfortunate I can't give them 0 stars, I'm Russian and have been going to bathhouses since I was 2 years old. This place left me in a complete awe, first off there was only one decent sauna, the place is filthy, clean towels are only given out by the entrance which means you need to walk all the way up every time. Half of the things they have on menu online are not served. If you want a good experience with Russian/Turkish baths my advice is go to Spa88 on Fulton or schlep over to Brooklyn!
I've been going for years to this place.  But I must say the quality has never been good.  The place is old and needs renovation.  I paid for a mud/salt message 30 mins which was the worst mistake and lost of time.  I did not enjoy this massage at all.  
1. The massause told me it was $50 but at the end he said $55 then he said theres a 20% tip which comes out to be $10.  I thought this was tasteless and unprofessional to say to client.  
2.  He kept on chatting with me and really I just wanted to relax.
3.  I mentioned Twice to tone down the pressure and still never did.
********he asked me twice if I worked out! and mentioned That Im in good shape!!!  I felt like the guy was hitting on me but felt totally violated.***************
4.  He said there will be a massage but only slapped on mud on me and as i lay there for 10 mins.  
5.  He squeeze my shoulders twice and put pressure on my inner tigh.  There was no message at all.  Just soaping me down and slapped on salt at the end.
6. On top of it all he was creepy.
7. The place is so unclean as well.

I ended up paying $67.50 for 30 minutes of being "man handled"  and the worst massage ever!!! 

I will not ever again do another message there!  and I will never go there again!!!

*******I also want to add the people at the front desk are extremely rude*****Especially the women on Dave shift************  I came in one day as always never a "hello or welcome" .  I put my personal items in the safe and with a long frown and mean face of these two women she throws the key from the safe box in front of me.  I was shocked and felt mistreated in every way.   She is the most unpleasant women ever in the place.
Me and my friend had a terrible time today at the Turkish Bath. First, the lady at the entrance was just rude and not clear about what we had to do. Then the place is really dismal. Not sure at all it's clean. Example : do you find it normal to have a snack place that close to the changing rooms ? 

After a painful "salt scrub" in a dark place that look like a prison cell (55 dollars), we decided to spend some time in a sauna. As in many saunas we could'nt see anything but then my friend told me she saw something weird, I looked and yes a man sitting next to us was just masturbating in the room. He basically tought no one would see him. I told him "What are you doing?" He mumbled something. We ran away and went to see the "manager" who basically said : "What do you want me to do ? Beat him up ? It's a free country." as the man was just leaving discretly behind with a towel hiding his face. 

Of course, we left immedialtly. When we got to the entrance, the guy who was masturbating was leaving too, laughing with the manager ! Who then told us "Look we threw him out, you can go back !" Oh really ! 

We said we would pay for the massage but not the entrance fee to sauna etc (which is 38 $)... The man went crazy. Insulted us "You do that for a living, you just scam people". His attitude was simply outrageous. His colleague tried to calm the situation and  called their boss. We eventually were forced to pay half the price "because they need the money to pay the equipment". Come on ! What equipment ? 

The lady dared to ask "What tip do you want to leave?". 

We decided to file a complaint for indecent exposure. We mentionned the manager attitude to the police, which was basically complicity for us.

We just wanted a nice time, it was a nightmare. Almost everyone seemed to find it  normal what this pig did. 

Going on a mixt day was obviously a mistake. But I also recommend not going at all.
Worst place ever. It was very dirty in the men's lockers room, and in the massage rooms. The masseur was talking all the time during the massage and at the and asked me how much tip will I leave for him.
Gave it another shot. The surly Russians are not only worse than ever but now they tack on an 18% "service charge" on top of all the overpriced treatments. And yeah, they still try to cheat you when you check out. Dennis, the tall Russian masseur, is as dishonest as the others. It's sad that this place fell apart. Could have been great.
This review is not based on the quality of the facilities--I went expecting a damp and dingy space, without any bells and whistles, and that is what I got. I did not, however, expect there to be homophobic remarks openly flung around by someone who appears to have been in charge at the baths. The man came storming downstairs yelling about inappropriate behavior during the mens only time slot and when a patron confronted him, expressing how yelling and cussing was a rude way of enforcing rules, the patron was completely dismissed. Later on, I overheard the manager say, "they just wanna suck d**k, fucking f*gs" 

Don't get me wrong--I'm not saying bath house rules shouldn't be enforced. They most definitely should. But why should I pay money to someone who doesn't respect his patrons? Homophobia aside, this kind of behavior, directed at anyone, is unacceptable. I'd rather take that extra hour and travel to spa castle over in Queens, pay that extra $10 (same price as the russian and turkish baths on the weekdays) than subject myself to that kind of abuse. 

We're in New York--there are too many other things going on to waste time on a place this.
Went to this spa yesterday and was unimpressed by the cleanliness of the facilities.  After complaining to the front desk about my experience, the staff granted me a half off discounted massage package. Thank you, but no thanks! That will be my first and last time going there.
I've been to bathhouses and this isn't one where I would spend my money. I know Europeans are a little racist but sheesh. I literally entered with my family and left after 5 mins. We didn't even get to use the facilities. We tried talking to a the manager and when he was done he turned his back to continue his convo with the other staff. Such a prick, I was nothing but a lady. I rather spend my extra bucks at spacastle or head over to BK for an authentic Banya. 

The place also looked all dark and dirty. Yuck.
Very, very, very dirty. And masseurs were extremely pushy selling their service. My friends and I could not wait to get out of there.
I'm filing this under no.  Too crowded, too smelly, not clean enough for me.  Some people might not mind it, but I did.  I know its not meant to be a spa-like atmosphere but it sketched me out.  Staff was pushy, front desk staff was downright rude.  I did get a salt scrub and my skin looks great but I wasn't expecting to get my private area washed.  To be fair the staff person that performed the treatment did it in a perfunctory way but I have not experienced that before at any spa or bath.
This place is disgusting and the atmosphere is creepy.  The robes, towels, lockers and shoes are nasty and bum like.  There are a few saunas that mostly smell like rotting feet and one pool. I'm not sure how you can call that bathS. Why do people pay money for this place?  Spa castle or any other place is better even a bath at home.  The treatment room looked scary as all hell.  Most of the people there were sitting around on some ledges. Why pay money to do that?  The food is somehow slightly worse than canned food, I'm not sure how that's even possible and the kitchen got a B rating.
Went there last night and it was amazing, felt very refreshed.  Woke up this morning with ringworm.  Now I have to apply anti fungus cream for four freaking weeks.
HORRIBLE. I had a bad feeling and I should have trusted my instinct. My boyfriend bought me a Groupon for a 45 minute massage to this place (without checking yelp obviously.) I knew it was not going to be a spa an do not have an issue with a 'no frills' atmosphere, but this place is unprofessional and downright grimy. 

The guy who gave me a massage was a middle-aged Russian man wearing only shorts. He was unclothed otherwise and the room was so small his body kept grazing against mine. EW. The massage itself was aggressive and uncomfortable. He also did not make sure that each part of my body that was not being massaged was covered which is STANDARD massage protocol. He talked to me the whole time, SANG loudly, and even tried to SELL ME GLASSES during the massage saying he worked at a vision place. I could go on and on. 

The fake wood paneled "room" itself (more like a closet) was totally nasty. The massage table was NOT fully covered. I was laying on a small towel that kept moving around so that my skin was exposed to the bare table. Gross. Also, it looked like they had reupholstered the table and just cut a hole where your face goes! Next to my face was all this cut up fabric.

Then at the end he made me tell him what I'd like to give for a tip because he had to "put it in the computer." When I politely said $10 (ONLY because I was uncomfortable and wanted to get the FUCK out of there) he TOLD me I had to give at least $15.

I paid the $15 at the desk and got out of there. I was nearly in tears when I left, too upset and humiliated to say anything. I went straight home to take the longest shower of my life. I am scarred.
I have been to authentic banyas in Russia and Bulgaria. . .  they were 100x cleanlier than this sh#t hole.  The warm herring scent that pervades the lobby, paired with the discourteous staff do not enhance the ambiance.  If you are interested in rubbing all manner of body parts and sharing dubious bodily fluids with complete strangers in confined, moist quarters, then the $30 entry fee guarantees your satisfaction (and possibly even a fungal souvenir).
i dont know who decided to write a nice review on this place.  if it wasnt that i paid the entire fee to come in i would have left second from going into the locker room
omg the locker rooms was a joke and disgusting  the place has good heated room but its not clean  its dirty
i wouldnt recommend
dude at the front desk was rude and some weird dude kept asking me for a massage i was like dude relax i m not interested in a massage
This is about their staff and business. Truly awful, condescending, despicable human beings. I have been scarred and will tell everyone not to go here and want to warn all of you.

My boyfriend went here wanting to buy 3 individual passes for my Mom as a birthday gift. He wanted to give her the option to either go by herself, or to go with me and my sister. The guy behind the desk told him to just buy 1 individual card with 3 entries and said it would be fine (even though on the card and on the signs it said you can't use the card on more than one person). The guy reassured my boyfriend it's totally fine, so he bought it.

Few months later, me, my sister and my mom finally decided to use the card and go to this sauna together. The people behind the desk said it's not possible to have all three of us use one card. We argued with them about this for a while. They kept saying "Can't you read?" A lovely random customer chimed in to repeat it for us. My heart dropped. We were all disappointed, embarrassed and they looked at us like we're being cheap. My whole family felt so ashamed that we couldn't do anything about this. On top of that, the guy kept trying to make us buy a 5 entry pass for $120 so one of us would go in for free. What a shrewd bastard. 

I hate this place and how they treated my family and scammed my boyfriend. Save your money and go somewhere else.
I purchased a massage through Groupon - pretty good price - $55 for a 45-min. massage and entrance. The massage was mediocre at best. I could have done better giving myself one. Then I was somewhat hustled by the masseuse saying he works on tips and how much am I giving him? I was generous, but should not have been. 
When I was checking out, some bitch (putting it nicely) who worked there was questioning me about my Groupon certificate. I had given it to someone when I entered, but didn't know who since it was the first time I had been there. She kept saying that no one else was behind the desk except her and 2 other people who. Instead of being polite and trying to figure out the problem, she gave me attitude. 
The facilities were ok, but I certainly won't be going back.
*If you bought one of their GROUPON's read this, may be helpful*
When I arrived, I told them I had a Groupon for entry and a Platza session.
I was told once I changed and went downstairs I would see someone that does Platza.  That was not the case.  The customers and the employees wear the same thing so there is NO WAY to know who works there.
I went to the font desk AGAIN to ask for the Platza.  I was made to wait 15 minutes at the desk before they were able to get somebody to help me.
A man that did massages came to me and escorted me downstairs.  I thought he was going to do the Platza but he told me to go into the "steamer" which I thought was weird.  I went in and waited 15 more minutes and left.  He was gone.  
I had dinner plans.  I was there for almost 2 hours and didn't get or offered a Platza.
Anyway, I bought a Groupon and they didn't provide the service.
If your gym has a sauna and steam room, it's the same thing as this place.
It's not worth $35 entry fee.   That's just RIDICULOUS!
If your only reason for going is because it's historic, save your money.
Usually stepping back in time to the New York of the 1970's -- which was filthy, funky and didn't love you back -- is fun for me. But.... the guy manning the counter wouldn't get off the phone to answer our logistical questions (like, do we find the masseuse or does she look for us, etc) there weren't any robes, everything was grimy, we booked Thai massages and didn't get them, the Turkish sauna smelled intensely like dirty underwear, the rubber slippers had obviously not been disinfected since the day before, the cold plunge was murky brownish....whoo-eee. Not for the germaphobe!  I will say that the masseuse, Maryam, was excellent. Though it was kinda funny to walk out of the massage room naked and suddenly realize I was displaying full frontal nudity to all the people on Second avenue, because....no curtains! Viva the 70's...but in matters of hygiene, I'm returning to the oughts. As in, one OUGHT to regularly disinfect a surface where strangers put their naked asses.
I almost had a germ freak out during my visit here.

The only thing that prevented it was that I was with two friends, and I didn't want to spoil the fun/look like an jerk.  Everything in this place is nasty.  I didn't want to touch a thing, never mid sit on a wet surface with only a bathing suit between me and the layers of wet, sweaty filth.  A masseuse we chatted with on the roof confirm it all.  She told me  the owners never clean the floors or the seats in the saunas.  She also told me the free towels they give you don't get washed with soap, just water.  I showered twice when I got home.
This place is pretty nasty.

It is not a spa, so get that idea out of your head from the get-go.  It is dirty and old.  Perhaps that is typical for a Russian/Turkish bath, I don't know.  The locker rooms are not rooms, but a separated area with a dirty curtain as a door, old robes and towels, and a filthy floor.  In fact, the floors througout are the type of thing that you look at and think, "my God I hope I don't get a disease."  The saunas are sufficient and serve their purpose, I can't complain about them.  The "common area" outside of the saunas (by the pools) is creepy.  Be prepared for the employees to approach  you and rather abrasively ask you if they can give you a massage.  I suspect this might be cultural.  But don't you think I would have signed up for that upon arrival rather than having a big, half naked, brute-type Russian randomly come up to me and in mostly-broken-english attempt to ask this question?  And as for the "restaurant" there - AVOID it.
Words of wisdom... STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!

It is truly repulsive (by that I mean disgustingly dirty).  To start, for a $35 entrance fee you get a terrifying pair of extremely used sandals, a towel that covers little more than an arm, and a robe that has no sides.  If you dare to venture in this place, bring your bathing suit and your own shower sandals.  

I went with a friend because I had a Groupon and we wanted to relax.  There was no relaxing, and the Groupon deal was poorly advertised or they just lied (though I had made sure to call ahead of time to confirm what I thought the deal was) and I ended up having to pay for the massage that I thought was included in my Groupon.  And let me say that $75 for 45 minutes with a large hairy Russian man who made me more uncomfortable than he did relax me was a hefty price to pay. 

The main point is that this place is not trustworthy.  During my massage my key disappeared and all of my stuff was gone from my locker.  I immediately thought that they'd robbed me, but it turned out for some inexplicable reason they just moved all of my belongings to a different locker.  Why you ask?  I don't know, but it was beyond disconcerting and I'm waiting for my identity to be stolen.
What a weird experience.  When I think bath house I think strolling around in a robe with a newspaper while enjoying hot and cold tubs and maybe some food and drink in a nice facility.  This place is the nasty little brother of a bath house, nothing even resembling a spa, and was such an odd experience I barely want to live through it again for long enough to write this review. 

The place is disorderly, dirty, and crowded.  If you can look past that, think three times before you sign up for a treatment, specifically the "platz" which my friend got and scared the sh*t out of me.  Some dude basically beat him up in a boiling hot sauna with many on-lookers, whacked him with a stick that had leaves on it and then dumped ice-water all over him.  It looked to be the most unpleasant, un-spa-like activity one could ever take part in.  Despite having paid for the same treatment, I absolutely refused to endure such public embarrassment.   

The interesting part about all of this is that some people I met inside said they had been here before-- and chose to come back! Its like if you're oddly sadistic you may actually come back here but for me-- a guy who enjoys luxury, spa treatments, etc, I was scared and freaked out by this experience. 

I would never come back, ever, for fear of getting ringworm or g-d forbid something worse, but all the power to those who enjoy this crazy sh*t show!
I'm never going back there again. Awful awful awful customer service.
The owner  (I think his name is Boris)  is extremely rude and arrogant  and yesterday refused to listen to my grievance about an issue I had with my pass. he actually said, 'what you're saying is not important. only what I say is important because I'm the boss here.' Boris, who is an old Russian guy, runs his business like he is a mafioso. 

I continued to try to tell him my issue, and he interrupted every single word I said, literally and refused to as much as hear me out. And I think its because admitting that he made a mistake, would hurt his bottom line (and his inflated ego!). 

What happened was this: there was a mistake made on my pass. I had bought a pass with 4 visits on it, and yesterday my friend and I went to the baths. he didn't realize I bought a pass, he thought it was a coupon from living social. he got out of the locker room, faster than i did, and went to the front desk. they told him, the coupon doesn't work that day, so he paid for himself and didn't tell me. Originally we agreed that I'll pay with my pass. So when I gt to the front desk counter he was just standing there, I didn't know he already paid, and I gave them my pass and I said, I'm paying for both of us. The pass gets a hole punched through it for every visit. I purchased this card the last time I was there, and hadn't used it before, so I'm sure there were 4 visits on it. anyway, so two holes got punched through. Then my friend told me, 'oh I already paid for myself.' Then we were busy paying for all the other stuff, we got. It was my birthday, so my friend was paying for all the other stuff (massage, water, etc.)

  But the front desk is busy and chaotic, and the owner and the other people behind the front desk try to handle a bunch of customers all at the same time, so whoever punched the card didn't say anything about that. What should've happened is a card should've been given to me with one visit on it. That would've been fair.
 I also at first didn't notice that 2 holes were punched on my card. After we walked out of the baths, my friend said that he didn't realize it was  a pass and not a coupon, and paid for himself, and now wants to go back, and have me pay with my pass, and get his money back. Boris gave him his money back with no problem, and then punched my card again. And that's where I noticed that now 3 visits were punched through, and I had only one left. That's when I started to try to explain to him, 'wait a minute, why is there only one visit left. I used this card for the first time today, there should be 2 left.'

Boris adamantaly denied that there were 4 visits on my card, even though he is the one who sold it to me. But yet, he also went on to deny that he made a mistake.  He said he couldn't have made a mistake, he punched the card himself and he remembers that he punched it only once. And I said, well its punched twice, so somebody punched it twice.
He said, 'are you calling me a lier?' I said, 'no, I'm saying you made a mistake. the front desk is extremely chaotic, and its easy to make a mistake in these kinds of working conditions. And I think that's what happened.' He said, 'I don't care what you think. what you think is not important. only what I say is important because I'm the boss here. I make $10,000 a day, why would I short change you.'

Some other guy behind the front desk, who overheard the conversation, actually said, 'lets give her another card with one visit on it. that's all we have to do.' And I couldn't believe what Boris said then. He said, 'I don't have another card.' This was a blatant lie, they have tons of these passes.

My friend and I had another event to go to and we were already late, and extremely hungry, so I just didn't have the energy or the patience to stand there and argue with him any further, especially because he was so adamantly denying that a mistake was made, and then denied to do the only thing that would correct it! 

People like this owner are dangerous. Boris showed that he doesn't care about other people. If he can't admit a mistake, and he is so greedy, then I wonder if he really cares about the quality of the the facilities, and about the services that are offered there. People are exposed to all kinds of stuff there. The water could be unclean, there could be mold in the facilities, and when it is breathed into the lungs it could cause severe allergic reaction, asthma, lung infection, etc.
If the place doesn't get sanitized properly, people could get all sorts of disease. There could be health hazards in that place and he wouldn't notice and wouldn't care. Because he doesn't care about anyone but himself! That's why I'm never going back to that place.

I'm a business owner too. I have a health oriented business.
Boris just lost my business and all the referrals I would've sent them.

PS update 5 yrs later. I have not gone back and never will.
The spa is dirty and crowded, and staff is very very rude, Be careful, If you get a multi-entry card, they try to cheat you on the number of times you use it.  I had a very bad experience, Do Not Go.
Went once, never going back...

First off, place is not very clean and pretty small. I know its Manhattan, but go to Brooklyn for some quality Banyas.

Secondly, I am used to the fact that in banyas people do the massages with the leaves for each other and all of that stuff. So when a couple guys came in and very nonchalantly asking us if we want it, I really thought they were just regulars offering to help. 

However, shortly, after they started practically begging my friends to get massages from them, I figured out they were in fact workers. My friend gave in and went for a massage, and said that in the end they started asking him if he will leave them good tips and were over all annoying.

On our way out, the front desk was no better. First, they tried to charge us for a bunch of food and drinks, when we had none, and then finally they believed us that we did not eat, but when my friend was presented with the massage check, his "tip" was added for him? WTF? This was not a happy ending spot, and these were male masseuses. 

Lastly, they dont have a jacuzzi. However, the robes that they gave out were cool.

Stick to Brooklyn or Queens banyas.
Absolutely terrifying.
All I have to say is EW EW EW EW EW.  This place was way too crowded and so dirty. Yes, baths are steamy and sweaty but it doesn't have to smell like rot. Not only that it was DIRTY. Come on, it's not hard to keep  a place clean or impose higher standards. They just want to pack people in to make the most money, not only does this create an health hazard it's also a fire hazard. Oh and if you want to be around grown men that have never seen a woman in a bathing suit - or at least act that way, then this is your place. I will not be going back to redeem my other two admissions.
this was by far the most disgusting experience of my life.
not only was it dirty and over-crowded, it was a total meat market.
if you like dudes eyeballing you and fungal infections you should go.
I can't believe this place has decent reviews. I see that they're mostly written by Americans who probably have never been to any other banyas. I'm Russian and have been trained in the Russian bath culture since I was a kid so I've gone to a number of Russian baths - this is place is the WORST place I have EVER been too. Sure you can talk about how it has a charming history feel to it, but that kind of charm should be left for other environments, NOT a bath house. 
I go to banya atleast once a month, so when I saw a deal to get really cheap admission I grabbed it for my boyfriend and I. We thought banya is banya, you can't mess it up. As soon as we walked in, both of our jaws dropped. You could tell how dirty it was from the very beginning, from the floors to the shacks they call changing rooms. We decided to give it a try anyway. We ended up RUNNING after an hour.
The changing rooms are horrible. There was a custodian bucket with black water and a dirty mop standing right in the dressing room. The lockers were filthy. The wooden 'wall' separating the women's and men's dressing room is pathetic. The sink is outside of the dressing room. 
Once we made it downstairs it got even worse. The two saunas to the left were not as hot as they should be. In one of the saunas we noticed that the room was being heated by RADIATORS!!! WHAT?! A sauna is NOT  heated by radiators!!! A Russian would never make a sauna that way! The floor everywhere was slimy and dirty. EVERY room smelled of molding wood. We stepped into the steam room and came right out. You can smell the mold in the air! The Russian wet room as well, smelled disgusting. The faucets were not working properly. It was dark (probably because they don't want you to see the mold on the ceilings, but you can smell it). The pool had a nice cold temperature but had a layer of slime and hair floating around.
A russian bath is not a place that you want to feel the 'history' in. It's not hygienic! All the bacteria and mold thrive in these hot locations and you're breathing them right in!  
If you want a good Russian bath experience, google any other russian bath in new york. Spa 88 is wonderful if you wanna stay in the city, and all the ones in Brooklyn are great too. This place is hell. We scrubbed ourselves for an hour after getting home.
Ok, the place certainly has a certain charm that's a result of being around for over 100 year, but...this has to be the dirtiest Russian Banya I have ever visited! Both inside and outside of Russia :)

Towels are ripped, pool is murky and sauna rooms smell terrible. If it wasn't for great company of friends, I'd leave in 10 min, but we still had a good time. Given how dirty this place was, we weren't gonna try any of the food and I even decided not to take a shower when leaving. No showers in the locker room and the one upstairs meant going back in. Ugh.

Anyway, if you want to sample some better Russian Banyas, try Spa 88 on Fulton or, better yet, head straight to Brooklyn and go to Sandoony. 

Quite frankly, any Russian Banya you find will be better than this dump.
0 Stars. As soon as my cousin and I walked in we were immediately disappointed. Our eyes could not be averted from this dirty, archaic deli counter. After which we had to hand over all over valuables to the two thugs at the desk. We felt like we entering lock down at The Tombs. 

The  women's locker were behind a cheesy partition that made me us feel that we were entering an Asian Brothel. Oh and by the by, the locker room also doubles as the janitorial closet, so much for asethetics! The towels were dirty and dingy and the robes were functional at best.

Once changed we proceeded down the stairs to the baths, We were greeted  en masse by a gaggle of offensive sagging breasts and cellulite! Not that we are buff gym rats but at least we had the courtesy of wearing swim costumes. These women are like poster children for why you would need liposuction and breast lifts!

Next we ventured into the various saunas and steam rooms. I found them uncomfortably hot and not terribly clean. One room, in particular, I believe the Russian sauna, would be as close as we would probably get to a experiencing a medieval torture chamber! 

The pool was ridiculously cold. It also looked like something you would see in a woman's prison. I wouldnt go in there if it  were 117 degrees out to cool down. 

Then we were greeted by a masseuse running around naked except for the towel wrapped around her breasts. I guess that ties in with the Asian brothel theme! And can you believe they charge almost $200 dollars for the complete spa package including some kind of torturous and bizarre treatments which entails them to beat you with a broom. Gee what a bargain!

After spending maybe a half hour there at best (or worse!) my cousin and I had more than enough. These baths claim to be newly renovated. I LOATHE to see what they looked like before hand. There is absolutely no place to sit that is comfortable to sit back and relax. It is extremely institutional and third world like.

I would rather go and get a root canal then experience this "spa" again!
I'm a certified massage therapist and like serious deep tissue.  I even used to go to a shiatsu guy who liked to work near the top of my pain threshold and I dug it.

But the Platza Oak Leaf treatment is a form of torture.

I'd asked for it when I came in hearing it was pretty unique in the States.  They said spend 15 min in the steam room and they'd come get me.  25 min later they said it's be another 15.  Fine.  They say they're ready and the guy who'd been talking w me passes me to another person who doesn't introduce himself.  I go into the Russian room (literally 200F - I checked) and without asking if I'm ready to begin, he dumps a 5 gallon jug of freezing cold water over my head.  I SCREAM like a little girl for the 10 men watching me.  

No name Ruskie points to a place to lie down for all to see.  I put my head 3 inches from another guy's foot who's getting the same treatment.  That's all the room there is.  My feet are 1 inch from the marble wall.  WHICH IS 200F.  I keep trying to move my feet away from the wall, but I can't move forward because there are feet there.

He then puts a slightly cooler cloth over my entire head.  I feel like I can't breath so I try to pull it up a little to breath better.

"Put hand back!"

I do as told.

Now here's the thing.  I was expecting the leaf treatment to be the main thing.  I wanted exfoliating and frankly I thought that would be the painful part.  Almost like a whipping - I figured the therapeutic aspect was to bring blood to the surface of the fascia like Asian cupping techniques, except Russian style.  In fact, it was a light drubbing.  Didn't hurt at all - similar to a two handed Swedish tapotement (rhythmic tapping).  I actually wished it was much harder.

Then he starts grabbing at my shoulders like Swedish massage practiced by a Cossack.  I'm having some trouble breathing now.  Then he digs into my back.  More Swedish like.  Fine.  It's gruff and without skill or grace, but fine. 

The he puts his knee in my crotch and elbows my back like deep-tissue. I moan.  Not in pleasure.  To let him know it hurts. It's rushed, but OK.  I'm trying to slow my breath and get through it.  But the heat is getting to me.  Then he double hands by spine at C3,5 &6 trying to crack me like a chiropractor.  He gets two cracks.  Then a scrub and more oak whacking and then he does some pseudo Thai massage manipulation.  Leg, up then down.  Other leg, then both together.  I groan more to indicate it's not fun.  He couldn't care less.

I'm instructed to flip over.  I struggle to. But it's hard.  I've just been beaten up.

Now on my back, he throws the towel over my face again.  I free my lips...so I can suck in the nearly boiling air.  Now I'm groaning every time he touches me.  He sands me down with some pumice.  Followed by the easiest thing in this process - the unremarkable oak leafs.  Then thumbs dig into my shoulder which hurt still today.  More rinsing. I can't not suck and sear my lungs more.

"Over."

He meant flip over, but I'm done.  I want to get up to leave, but I don't have the strength.  So I flip.  He begins the whole treatment over again and I start mumbling, "I can't...  I don't...  Please... Uhg..."

He doesn't stop.

He grabs my neck, gives traction, twists my neck in a crazy string of a crack.  A vicious adjustment.  Then the same thing on the other side.

I beg for mercy.

"Don't feel well.  Gonna be sick.  Please.  Stop.  I have to stop."

He keeps going.

"I'm gonna vomit.  Please.  No more.  Please."

He doesn't stop.  I take the towel off my head and throw it down. 

"I'm gonna be sick!"

Luckily I planned ahead and hadn't had anything to eat in 5 hours, so I had nothing to vomit.

"You OK?"

"No.  We must stop."

I try to stand.  I can't.  He helps me up.  We were only halfway through.

I want to just leave the room for cooler air.  He makes me stay there, as he gets...you guessed it.  The 5 gallon bucket of freezing water and dumps it on me.

"GHAAHGH!" I weep.

He helps me out of the room.  The air feels like it's no longer attacking me.  I can breathe again.

I shuffle about 10 feet - right by the cold pool.

Get in.

"can't" I mutter.

"Pool."

I kneel on the tile.  I can't stand.  People stare.

He helps me up.  I walk down the stairs.  The water is ice.  I'm going into shock.  I may collapse and drown.  I hope someone here knows CPR.  *I* know CPR, but that's no help right now.  I somehow climb out.

He nearly carries me into a private room.

"You OK now?"

"No," I whisper.

"You lie now.  Scrub now?"

"Fine."

"Only $90."

"What?  No.  Just let me lie here."

"Hmm.  OK."

And I lie there in that liminal state between consciousness and the other world, trying to stay awake as though I have a concussion and if I sleep I'll fall into a coma.  Half an hour passes before I have the strength to stand.  I only lasted 10 minutes.
---------
All that said the regular steam room was great.  Just don't get the platza unless you REALLY want some tortur
This place is a disgusting pit.  I'll consider myself lucky if all I end up with is a case of athlete's foot.
Be careful. Nothing like attempted fraud to throw a wet blanket on a nice spa experience. 

I hadn't been to the Baths for maybe a year, and went back on one of Boris's days. The guys at the desk greeted me warmly and told me they'd missed me. When I was leaving I presented my card, which had only 2 holes punched. There was a bit of back-and-forth in Russian between the two guys at the desk, and then one of them said, "This card is very old. Let me give you a new card that has all the dates for this year." He clearly pointed out to me that there were 2 holes punched, and then drew up another card and punched the 2 holes plus one more for that visit. I left the desk and then thought to investigate the card. It was good for 15 visits. The card he had taken from me had been good for 20 visits. I went back and said, "I gave you a card for 20 visits and you gave me one for 15." He said, "Oh I'm sorry. I was confused" and promptly gave me a 20-visit card after punching the 3 holes. Believe me. He wasn't confused. He didn't even pretend to try to look for the card I'd handed in to confirm what I was saying.

He had tried to gyp me out of 5 visits (worth $97.50 at the $390 per 20 visits rate). It was just lucky for me that I had paused and not left right away.
I went to the bathhouse with my Russian girlfriend. One of the Russian staff members, Sasha (a diminutive for Alexander), offered to give a free platza.

He called my girlfriend sexy lady in front of me after the platza.

We were charged for the platza. When we confronted Sasha about it, he pretended to talk on his cell phone and disappeared.

After we left the bath house, my girlfriend shamefully revealed to me that during the platza he verbally harassed her in Russian and touched her inappropriately.
Lately a lot of my guy friends have been addicted to this place, hyping it up so much, frequenting on average of at least twice a week so I finally broke down and went to experience my first Russian Turkish bath house along with my friend that just went there the night before (he's addicted!).

This place had about 5 different sauna steam rooms along with a super cold water pool, shower stands, little stands to get massaged in and upstairs were the changing room and the food area along with the roof top. The place was kept clean, clean towels but definitely worn out from years of usage, but it still felt dingy. It really could use a face lift. My favorite was the Turkish room and I spent my majority of my time there in that room which seems to be the main attraction of the place.

Anyways, I'm glad I get to say, Yes, I've been to the Russian Turkish Bath spot in the east village, if anyone asks me but I will definitely add on the fact that I would probably never go back there. As we left the spot, my right arm broke out in hives from something and that just made me want to run home to take a shower to scrub myself clean. Skeevy! Thank goodness I read my fellow yelpers review before I went because I brought my own flip flops.

I could see the dudes being into this place, especially the ones that wants to detox their hangover the next day.I swear I'm not prissy or high maintenance but this place was too rough on the edges for me. I wouldn't call this place a spot to unwind and relax.
Stay Away from the Russian and Turkish Baths!

Inappropriate, overly sexualized behavior is a way of life at the 10th Street Baths. As an open-minded woman who has had treatments and massages everywhere -the cheapest Tui-Na spots in Chinatown, Muslim hammans in Paris and spas all over - I've never had a problem anywhere EXCEPT at this bathhouse. 

A few months back, I went to get the platza treatment on co-ed day. It was a disgusting and semi-humiliating experience (admittedly it takes a lot to really freak me out). The robust 60 year old Russian masseuse seemed nice, if a bit dominating, at first. He strong-armed me from one hot sauna to the next while dunking me in the ice cold pool between saunas. All fine. We go into the Russian Sauna to commence the platza treatment and "the performance" began. The sauna was filled with guys and girls hanging out and dumping buckets of hot water over their heads. The Russian told me to let him know if the water got too hot. 

He takes me to the platform and starts the show. Without warning, he shoves a wet towel over my head, whips off my bikini top, yanks down the bottoms and proceeds to dump scalding hot water on me while alternately slapping me with the platza leaves. All fine - even though I didn't expect to be naked, on full display, for all 10 men and women. The trouble starts when, after a few rounds, I said that the water was getting way too hot. As a former ballerina, I have a high pain threshold but I literally thought my blood vessels were popping - it felt like i was burning. Anyway, The Russian decides to turn my treatment into lame performance art and starts deriding me saying "oh, someone call 911 she's too hot." And so on as he proceeds to twist my body in all sorts of positions - for no other reason other than to seemingly show off my flexibility/naked body to the rapt crowd. 

Finally, after I insisting I've had enough, the performance piece ends. I sit up on the elevated bench to try to find my bikini and see the entire crowd gawking at me. Again, The Russian grabs me by the arm (each time he does this - he literally lifts me off my feet), drags me out of the room and pushes me into the cold pool...telling me to get out and do the 5 sauna thing again. I opt to go into the smallest, empty steam room just to dry off/compose my thoughts for a few minutes. After I've been in the room 30 seconds a guy comes in. I ignore him. 30 seconds later, he starts beating off in front of me. 

Cue Exit. 

In the locker room, I see that my skin is patchy and red. It appears as if I have broken blood vessels on my thighs and I get nervous.  Outside, I say to the manager that I'm concerned. While leering at me, he laughs and says that it's normal. Then he says, "Hell, you should see when blacks come in here. They come out green." What?
This place is pretty crazy.  I wasn't exactly sure what I was getting myself into when I went, but when I was there I just kept saying "this is crazy".  There are four rooms, all hot, some steamy, some dry.  They all kinda make you feel like you want to die.... but in a good way.  There is also an ice cold pool, so that you don't die after sitting in those rooms.  It's not at all glamorous and seemed a little skeevy to me, but I got over it.  I wouldn't reccomend it to a germaphobe.  The nice thing is that you can get special treatments while you're there without making an appointment.  You can get massages, platza, salt scrubs, and mud treatments.  I got the seaweed salt scrub and it was really good.  Overall, it was definitely an experience... I'd go back for sure.

Update:
So, I went back and twice was enough.  Ever.  I lost any desire to ever go back.  I totally got scammed into paying double for a massage treatment (cause she sneakily combined two... but into the same amount of time).  I refused of course, but lost any sense of relaxation in the process.
