I'm literally baffled as to how anyone can call this mess an "authentic adaptation" or "true to the source material."  Most comic books I have read when they make huge plot points actually show the damn work to explain what they are doing.I'm literally baffled as to how anyone can call this mess an "authentic adaptation" or "true to the source material."  Most comic books I have read when they make huge plot points actually show the damn work to explain what they are doing. The film still has its moments, and the casting of "Batfleck" turned out far better than the internet assumed it would, but the writing is poor, the editing is worse, and there are parts I still don't know what the hell I was seeing.  The movie was about 45 minutes too long, and hopefully DC either boots or leashes Zack Snyder going forward.… Expand I've been a fan of the genre and the director for quite a while, even the polarizing Man of Steel. With that I can say: what a mess...Jumbled, incoherent, illogical, poorly written and directed. I removed as much expectation as possible goingI've been a fan of the genre and the director for quite a while, even the polarizing Man of Steel. With that I can say: what a mess...Jumbled, incoherent, illogical, poorly written and directed. I removed as much expectation as possible going in and was ready to absorb each creative decision with an open mind and still I could barely find a single facet to approve of by the end. Even the cameos of (hopefully) better things to come were poorly handled. I am so curious as to what the hell happened for everything to go so wrong. Altogether a colossal disappointment for me. P.S.: No after credits sequence, if you were wondering.… Expand What a mess of a movie. Fans can swear up and down that this is a "serious" superhero flick....but it isnt. All the plotholes and illogical pacing make this the funniest superhero movie I have ever seen. Cavill is once again human cardboardWhat a mess of a movie. Fans can swear up and down that this is a "serious" superhero flick....but it isnt. All the plotholes and illogical pacing make this the funniest superhero movie I have ever seen. Cavill is once again human cardboard in a suit, Batfleck is all style while betraying source material, and I'm pretty sure Lex Luthor is really The Riddler from Batman Forever. The redundancies fly high, from stopping an alien who destroyed a city....by destroying a city; to Luthor knowing way too much because he apparently traveled to normal Earth and stole the BvS script. Despite the runtime being too long, it still isnt enough for Znyder to make a coherent set-up for the Justice League. Oh yeah, Wonder Woman was there for a bit and it was about as good as a quick cameo can get. There is no quick cameo on Earth thats good enough to save a 150-minute mess though.... Also, I can't imagine any kid going to see this and not being bored to tears...if it was made for comic fans, then they should've dropped the PG-13 rating.… Expand I wanted to love Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. So badly. Although my expectations were low, I hoped for the best, and all I wanted to do was to have fun. I underestimated this movie. I underestimated how bad it would really be.I wanted to love Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. So badly. Although my expectations were low, I hoped for the best, and all I wanted to do was to have fun. I underestimated this movie. I underestimated how bad it would really be. Batman v Superman introduces a semi-interesting Batman, presents a few cool visuals, and the story itself has some ideas in it that have potential. However, the script itself is a mess, being one of the worst screenplays in terms of structure that I have seen in recent memory. The movie has about seven storylines going on all at once, none of which tie together in any cohesive way, and none of which get enough screen time to be developed or interesting. Here, characters feel empty and shallow. Ideas are silenced by explosions. Potential future storylines are wasted. After enjoying Man of Steel, and being a fan of the genre, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is one of the biggest letdowns in cinematic history. It's messy, tonally confused, often times unintentionally funny, and every bit as much boring. When the film was first announced at Comic-Con a few years ago, the sheer epic nature of the announcement had me in giddy tears. Now, I am practically in tears once again. But not for the reasons that I had hoped.… Expand This movie is not for families, not for children, not even for true fans of comic books. While being a cinematic beauty, the story and motivations of the characters were straight trash. I can't even count the ways. But let me expound a fewThis movie is not for families, not for children, not even for true fans of comic books. While being a cinematic beauty, the story and motivations of the characters were straight trash. I can't even count the ways. But let me expound a few non spoilers. Batman is a murderer. Superman is a depressed mopey guy who needs a therapist and possibly Xanax. Wonder Woman is a pretty woman with an Israeli accent. Lex Luthor is the worst nonsensical version of Lex Luthor ever depicted on screen. The movie is long, dark, and joyless. Unlike the Heroes of the Marvel Universe who are having fun even when everything is going haywire the Heroes of the DC cinematic universe act like someone is forcing them to save the world. If you are really looking for a great Superman/Batman team up go dig up the animated film Superman & Batman: World's Finest.… Expand What a god awful mess! If people are that hungry to see Batman and Superman together in the same film I feel very sorry for the public at large! How on earth could anyone other than the most extreme of fans enjoy this? I often hear of othersWhat a god awful mess! If people are that hungry to see Batman and Superman together in the same film I feel very sorry for the public at large! How on earth could anyone other than the most extreme of fans enjoy this? I often hear of others saying that they walked out on a film and this one was near close for me! The South Park episode "The Passion of the Jew" was all I could think about afterwords as I also want my money back! This was not fun and it was not or entertaining at all!… Expand Ben Affleck and Gal Gadot are a great Batman and Wonder Woman that deserved a better movie. I really liked Man of Steel and have been pumped for nearly three years and put a lot of faith into this movie only to have it let me down. A waste anBen Affleck and Gal Gadot are a great Batman and Wonder Woman that deserved a better movie. I really liked Man of Steel and have been pumped for nearly three years and put a lot of faith into this movie only to have it let me down. A waste an operatic scope, good ideas and decent action; instead we have fractured storytelling, a dull first half and nearly half of Superman's legacy crammed into one movie. This is nearly everything that naysayers said it was going to be, but as Superman and Batman are my favorite heroes I was too excited to listen or see the warning. Never thought I'd say this, but I want Snyder off Justice League. He knows how to hype up a crowd, but also failing to deliver. Did I hate it? No. But neither is it good. This honestly ranks up with The Phantom Menace and Prometheus as one of the biggest cinematic let downs. Just wait for Suicide Squad. Probably best if we all just pretend this never happened.… Expand I finally got around to seeing this movie and had to write a real review. Batman vs Superman is a 2 out of ten , and that's bring real generous . The only thing that saved this movie from being one of the worst super hero films ever was theI finally got around to seeing this movie and had to write a real review. Batman vs Superman is a 2 out of ten , and that's bring real generous . The only thing that saved this movie from being one of the worst super hero films ever was the half bake superhero hero team-up against a so called ogre , oh I mean Doomsday. To say Jesse Eisenburg ruined this movie is a super super super understatement . He was terrible . Zack Snyder is terrible from directing this mess and the Justice League movie will be ten times more terrible if Lois Lane or Eisenburg are anywhere near the movie . This is easily one of the worst movies of the last Two years , not just this year.… Expand Where to start? a few good action sequences do not a coherent story make - much like the derided MoS. Which is unfortunate, as you'd have thought Snyder and WB would have learned their lesson, or at least taken note of the things people (very vocally) found wrong with that movie. The plot in BvS at times is so thin as to beggar belief, relying on such flimsy plot points that you need to re-watch the movie just to figure out what they actually were, and the re-watch again just to make sure they were as **** as you thought they were. Which is a terrible waste - of time for you, of opportunity for WB/DC. I literally hate Henry Cavill as Superman, with his one dimensional performance, Snyders horrible colouring that makes him look more like a character out of TWD than anything else, the horrible shiny suit, his over-bulked appearance, and that freaky dimple on his chin. The fact that they shoe-horned Lex Luthor, the Dark Knight Returns story and Doomsday (the death of Superman) into one movie - 3 major, major plot lines - just leaves my jaw having open. The fact that Doomsday is the worse CGI creation since jar jar binks is just another kick in the teeth to those who ever hoped to see these characters done justice on the big screen. The sheer illogicality of the story is at times mind blowing. I won't go over all the times that you will very likely turn to whoever you're watching the movie with, a puzzled look on your face, just to make sure you saw what you think you saw, but suffice to say it makes less sense than a jigsaw puzzle of an incomplete scene with half the pieces missing. Lois Lane and Lex Luthor are not even worth mentioning - suffice to say Amy Adams and Jesse Eisenberg are not the best choices, as great as those 2 might be in other roles. I don't mind a dark tone - in fact i think at times it works well, in certain contexts. Not here, and not all the time, but once in awhile. But the biggest failing of this movie is not the dark tone, as so many love to point out, but the the shoddy, borderline incompetent storytelling and the humourless execution. There is very little to endear this movie to either fans or casual viewers alike.… Expand I liked man of steel, I had faith in Mr. Snyder, I thought all this massive destruction was setting up Sup as a character. Zach turns out to be a complete moron, I thought he can handle these beloved characters but he simply cant. Batman isI liked man of steel, I had faith in Mr. Snyder, I thought all this massive destruction was setting up Sup as a character. Zach turns out to be a complete moron, I thought he can handle these beloved characters but he simply cant. Batman is not a murderer, he does not use guns and he puts peoples lives in jeopardy to get what he wants, and what he wants is not even logical, we had a talented cast gone to waste due to this ass wipe ruining the movies. Zach Snyder needs to be removed,… Expand This movie is a complete disaster form start to finish. It was boring and overlong. Seriously, Zack Snyder should just stop directing superhero movies because he's just ruining one story at a time. The only thing that helped this movie 45%This movie is a complete disaster form start to finish. It was boring and overlong. Seriously, Zack Snyder should just stop directing superhero movies because he's just ruining one story at a time. The only thing that helped this movie 45% was Ben Affleck's portrayal as Batman. I don't recommend this movie because it's a waste of time. You could be doing something else with your 2 hours and 25 minutes. DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE.… Expand Well that was a waste of $36 I took my girlfriend with me to see this in IMAX .. first mistake .. second the movie dragged on forever with useless scenes that had nothing to do with the Batman V Superman story line and cramming Wonder WomanWell that was a waste of $36 I took my girlfriend with me to see this in IMAX .. first mistake .. second the movie dragged on forever with useless scenes that had nothing to do with the Batman V Superman story line and cramming Wonder Woman in along with other cameos for no reason the whole thing was sad , I felt like I was watching a 2 hr commercial written for 12 yr old kids  ( which I was apparently )  this movie is the bottom of the barrel marketing movie , there's nothing here to care about it's juts ridiculous CGI stunts and juvenile script writing , there's nothing here for anyone over 15 yrs old , I would have loved this movie when I was 10 because I could have wrote and directed this movie when I was 10 .. this is a really bad movie that is relevant only because of it's name and marketing . it's total garbage ..  Do your self a huge favor and wait a couple of weeks when the marketing has died and if you still want to see it then go see it .. my guess is by next weekend this movie will be dead.  I give it a zero because I feel like they stole my money .. this should have been at least a decent movie not an utter mess.… Expand very poorly made. most parts make no sense at all. It was just a big jumble of scenes and sequences, very boring dialogue very boring fights. Action scenes were as put together by a child. Gal Gadot was excellent probably the only positivevery poorly made. most parts make no sense at all. It was just a big jumble of scenes and sequences, very boring dialogue very boring fights. Action scenes were as put together by a child. Gal Gadot was excellent probably the only positive thing I can say.… Expand Sadly, i have to say this movie did not live up to expectations. Pros - ehh batman and superman are in it?

cons - TERRIBLE dialogue, plot holes everywhere, not enough action, and lex luthor was ridiculously awful (it's like the actorSadly, i have to say this movie did not live up to expectations. Pros - ehh batman and superman are in it? cons - TERRIBLE dialogue, plot holes everywhere, not enough action, and lex luthor was ridiculously awful (it's like the actor tried being heath ledger's joker half the time, and a genius the other half). Zack Snyder - you have said time and time again you didn't make this movie for critics, but for fans. Well, I'm a fan of Batman Vs. Superman, and I have to say, you did a pretty garbage job.… Expand The movies fails to deliver valuable reasons that should put the 2 superheroes one against the other, and leaves a confused spectator to wonder how came that Batman became the dumbest character ever seen in an action movie. The few quotesThe movies fails to deliver valuable reasons that should put the 2 superheroes one against the other, and leaves a confused spectator to wonder how came that Batman became the dumbest character ever seen in an action movie. The few quotes from Frank Miller's masterpiece leave an even more bitter taste of profanity into the audience mouth.… Expand this was a terrible attempt by Zack Snyder. the movie was all over the place and the plot was too scattered. it lacked proper direction and focus. a lot of elements were just shoehorned into the whole thing. its like Snyder ran out of ideas,this was a terrible attempt by Zack Snyder. the movie was all over the place and the plot was too scattered. it lacked proper direction and focus. a lot of elements were just shoehorned into the whole thing. its like Snyder ran out of ideas, grabbed the kitchen sink and threw it right in the blender. the result was a steaming pile of cow s**t..going forward, this guy should not be allowed to direct JL. he will ruin it for sure. the M Night Shyamalan of action movies. I can go on and on but hey.........what movie am I criticizing here? is this how forgettable this thing really is? hmmm… Expand Batman V. Superman left me cold. I had never felt so joyless in for a film before. Despite the numerous problems with Man of Steel and some of the production problems I had high hopes for this film. It actually wasn't as bad as I thought itBatman V. Superman left me cold. I had never felt so joyless in for a film before. Despite the numerous problems with Man of Steel and some of the production problems I had high hopes for this film. It actually wasn't as bad as I thought it would be... It was worse. Not only did Zack Snyder learn nothing from the criticism people had with Man of Steel but he also added more problems. For starters there is no point to this film being in 3D. It added nothing to the experience and even gave me a headache with the excessive use of shaky cam. The shaky cam even gotten worse than it was at Man of Steel. The visuals are also tinted in an ugly grayish-brown kind of color which makes everything look drab and lifeless. Unfortuanlty the technicals are the least of this film's problems. The characters barely resemble their original comic counterparts. The Superman in this film is even more apathetic than in the previous film since he nonchalantly smashes through buildings and kills civillians in a careless manner. The film tries to display his actions as morally gray and tries to provoke questions about how super heroes will fit in a realistic situation. I appreciate the attempt to have this be an allegory for how Muslims are treated based n the violent acts of a few members of thier community. This allegorical approach could have had potential if it wasnt for the fact that Superman himself is partially responsible for the destruction in Metropolis. Amy Adams as Lois Lane has even less to do in this film than in the last. She is only present for no other reason than to start an investigation with an obvious answer and as someone for Superman to save. At first the film fools you into thinking that she has a place by achieving a krypotinite spear only to realize that she threw it in herself . Batman didn't fare much better as the caped crusader who was heavily established to have a moral code against killing has no problem shooting people down with his batwing machine gun. It is a shame sense Ben Affleck does have a knowledge for the character and does bring a performance which is an improvement over Christian Bale's. Wonder Woman did have her moments but she barely had any presence in the film and her parts could have been cut from the film and it wouldn't have made a diffrence. The biggest misfire though is Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor. It seems that the Joker was originally supposed to be in this film and that his personality was merged with Luthor. His main motivation has a lack of focus and is so unclear that it becomes maddening. He was horribly miscast and would have played an excellent Jimmy Olsen if Snyder's idea of fun wasn't to kill off a beloved Superman Side character. Snyder was the wrong pearson to lead the direction of the DC cinematic universe and the fact that it is confirmed that he would also direct the upcoming Justice League movie is very problematic. I still have hopes for Suicide Squad and the upcoming Wonder Woman movie… Expand An awful incoherent mess, Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice is more style than substance. Plot is incoherent and while there were some pretty neat action sequences, even that felt like a disjointed mess at times. Henry Cavill still has theAn awful incoherent mess, Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice is more style than substance. Plot is incoherent and while there were some pretty neat action sequences, even that felt like a disjointed mess at times. Henry Cavill still has the acting range of a crumpet and while Ben Afflex was a decent Batman, the lack of coherent storyline did not help. This movie felt like it was made in panic as an attempt to catch up on MCU.… Expand This movie is a **** It's confusing, the only discernible plotline sounds like a 4 year old's story, the dialogues don't make sense, the story doesn't make sense, there are way too many thing unexplained which makes the whole experienceThis movie is a **** It's confusing, the only discernible plotline sounds like a 4 year old's story, the dialogues don't make sense, the story doesn't make sense, there are way too many thing unexplained which makes the whole experience chaotic. A few fight scenes are good but it could have been a lot better.… Expand Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is the worst movie I have ever seen. In a world where Jesse Eisenberg sucked too much helium, Ben Affleck is still a bad actor playing a Batman that is somehow more monotone and boring than his personality,Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is the worst movie I have ever seen. In a world where Jesse Eisenberg sucked too much helium, Ben Affleck is still a bad actor playing a Batman that is somehow more monotone and boring than his personality, and Henry Cavill who is still playing the goody two shoes Superman from Man of Steel. Instead of taking the criticism that was received from Man of Steel, Zack Snyder decides to enforce the problems in Batman V. Superman: Dawn of Justice. I can understand suspending my belief for a movie but oh my God does this movie make absolutely no sense. If someone could actually tell me why in the hell Batman and Superman actually decide to fight, I will pay them a thousand dollars because out of the three screenings I've seen, I have had no **** idea. There was no redemption in this movie, it was sloppy and was obviously built to set up the Justice League movie coming out to compete with the Marvel Cinematic Universe. I will with no doubt give this movie a 0/10. It was absolutely atrocious and may God forgive us for this train wreck.… Expand The worst Batman since George Clooney's.There are MANY elements that make it a bad movie but I'm just gonna focus con Batman.1. Batman doesn't shoot!!! : They fill the movie with Batman depictions shooting fireguns, either in a dream, or with kriptonite bullets, or from an enemy's hand to shoot another bad guy. Batman swore to never use fire weapons because that's hoy he los his parents. Destroyed the image of Batman.2. Batman doesn't kill for killing: Stabbing enemies, exploding things, putting thousands of people in danger just to get what he wants... Really???3. Reason to kill Superman: stupid!: "If there's 1% chance he is the enemy, I must kill him" that's what he says when he decides to kill Superman. Besides he knows that Joker is a serious enemy and has tons of opportunities to kill him, he doesn't. BECAUSE BATMAN DOESN'T KILL, he just neutralizes dangerous people, put them behind the bars and MOVES ON!That makes it the worst Batman ever, except for George Clooney's.… Expand disjointed , illogical , zero fun. managed to turn batman from the worlds greatest detective to the worlds greatest thug . he literally punches his way through any problem , to the point alfred has to remind him that he got more done as brucedisjointed , illogical , zero fun. managed to turn batman from the worlds greatest detective to the worlds greatest thug . he literally punches his way through any problem , to the point alfred has to remind him that he got more done as bruce wayne . no compelling reason for a deathmatch ? they should have made this Dawn of justice . Superman meets batman .… Expand The only exciting about this movie is when you bet with your friends who will get a Razzie. Ok let's break it down. This movie is derived from the big book of superhero cliches and unless you're 10 yr old you have seen it all. You want toThe only exciting about this movie is when you bet with your friends who will get a Razzie. Ok let's break it down. This movie is derived from the big book of superhero cliches and unless you're 10 yr old you have seen it all. You want to establish a superhero ? Get him to save a girl who's staring blankly while a ton of rubble is falling down on her head. For the whole 3 hour (!) you get to see many cliched scenes, melodramatic cliched scenes played in slow motion that at one point you just want to yell enough already I get your point.  Now the cast. Well we have a Batman who's not exactly the Batman but a bad cop doing all sort of police brutality. Then there's Superman and his nemesis Lex Luthor. Between those three I'm willing to bet one them will win a Razzie although my money's on Lex or Superman. Superman is trying hard to look mellow. But with Cavill's act, there are times I cannot tell if he is sad or cringing. Then there's Lex. Lex here isn't the cool-headed calculating Lex but a rambling lunatic like The Joker. He speaks in incoherent manner which supposedly evokes the image of a mad genius. But the way he puts it, he's just simply incoherent. I'm pretty sure the extras in this movie didn't fake it when they put up the "wtf are you talking about" looks to his speech. And finally the plot. Well if you have watched Superman-Batman animated, Justice League or even the trailer then you'll get the backdrop of the movie. There's probably one or two reasons why people can begin to distrust Superman. Now how can one make something predictable worse ? One way is by making it ridiculous. By the time you get to the well-anticipated fight between the two superheroes you will say to yourself "What ?? Is that why they fight ?". Another Razzie for the scriptwriter.… Expand Honestly, I went into the movie not expecting much due to Warner Brothers previous attempts at Superhero movies (they may have the odd golden egg but those are the exception as opposed to the norm).However, even with my low expectations, IHonestly, I went into the movie not expecting much due to Warner Brothers previous attempts at Superhero movies (they may have the odd golden egg but those are the exception as opposed to the norm).However, even with my low expectations, I still found myself disappointed at how boring it was to me.  Even the fight between Batman and Superman left me bored.I really do wish that Warner Brothers had managed to nail this movie, as that would've given me some hope for their upcoming Flash and Aquaman Movies... but instead I find myself simply growing more depressed at the likelihood of them failing to provide the movies I feel the characters deserve.The fact that the animated DC Movies are generally good only makes my disappointment even greater.… Expand Just bad. Whilst I can accept that Marvel movies could become formulaic (or have?) – what they do have is humour, believable characters, an internal logic, focussed plots and they remain true to the original characters. Where DC is going wrong is not having any of the above. BvS is both joyless and stupid. According to some reviewers DC is supposed to be “gritty”, exploring more “difficult” aspects of the superhero – whereas Marvel is sunny and uncomplicated. But really, BvS is just miserable and poorly executed. It is not exploring any issues in depth (nor did Man of Steel), it is just presenting a pompous, over-complicated and poorly explained punch-up.(contrast it with the far more believable story-arc for Captain America). We know Snyder can explore serious superhero aspects because he made “Watchmen” – but then of course he had superior source material to work from.Perhaps, he should have repeated that & drawn from Frank Miller for this film… First off, the characters are not engaging. Superman is still passive and ineffectual. His is just not heroic. And PLEASE, ease off the messiah references!! (In fact, he is like a bland 50’s movie Jesus with a red cape).Batman is OK-ish, but too thuggish. Not intelligent enough. His motivation against Superman doesn’t add-up – it just has to be that way. Wonderwoman – she is the only character with any verve, and I thought Gadot was better than expected. But she is more Xena than Wonderwoman. And the reasons for her being involved are flimsy. Luthor – I could just about stand his eccentricities, but what about his motivation?? Why did he do any of it? He hated Superman, but why? And how did he know how to create a super-monster? And why do it anyway? And how did he know it would hatch just as Superman arrives from his abandoned fight with Batman? (because he’s a genius??) And if Batman had killed Superman, what was Doomsday for? (and could Luthor have aborted it, given he didn’t need it to kill Superman anymore?). No sense whatever. It is as if DC can’t bring themselves to portray the characters as per the comics.This is the failing of many superheroes movies before the MCU era.They don’t trust the characters. The over-convoluted, trying-to-be-clever plot trundles slowly towards the supposedly climactic battle, but it is actually quite plodding and unimaginative.But wait! The real battle is with Doomsday – but this is a boring technicolour CGI battle. Unreal and difficult become involved in. So the one-to-one physical punch-up between B and S was somehow boring because it was unimaginative, lacked flair. The over-the-top fight with Doomsday with all the bells-and-whistles was also boring, because it was protracted and lacked substance. (Marvel had also veered that way with Ultron and Iron Man 3, but brought it back with Civil War) My 15-year-old son couldn’t be bothered to see it to the end. He gave up towards the end of B and S’ fight – I think it was the “Martha” moment. Throughout, he kept pausing it to point out, in frustration, the many stupidities of the film (he was particularly amazed by the utterly ridiculous Batman dream sequence – and the fact that none of the Wayne employees would evacuate their offices until Bruce Wayne told them to). Other groan-out-loud moments:- Batman pumping-up in his cave in order to fight an invulnerable Superman??? (Would big muscles help against Superman?); Batman ploddingly hitting Superman with a sink (was it meant tie b funny? It wasn’t. And if it was, it was drastically ill-timed); Superman and Batman saying “I thought she was with you” in the most leaden clumsy attempt at humour (now they’re buddy enough to josh with each other?) Badly written, conceived and directed. Poor old DC !… Expand Too long.Clumsily plotted and full of inconsistencies.Macho posturing detracts from the business of telling what little, jumbled, story there is.
Plainly only really exists to bridge the gap between Man of Steel and a Justice LeagueToo long.Clumsily plotted and full of inconsistencies.Macho posturing detracts from the business of telling what little, jumbled, story there is.Plainly only really exists to bridge the gap between Man of Steel and a Justice League movie.Does a darker tone mandate that the film actually be shot IN the dark?Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor must be the worst incarnation ever.It's as though he's trying to outdo Heath Ledger's joker, and there's just no need.… Expand For all its controversial casting choices, it isn't Ben Affleck or Gal Godot that drags this movie down, it's Jesse Eisenberg's ridiculous Lex Luthor. His pointless yammering represents the film as a whole; it has a few good moments and playsFor all its controversial casting choices, it isn't Ben Affleck or Gal Godot that drags this movie down, it's Jesse Eisenberg's ridiculous Lex Luthor. His pointless yammering represents the film as a whole; it has a few good moments and plays with a few interesting ideas, but there's no there there. The real blame for this mess, though, lies on the people who made it. The movie suffers from the excess of characters usually reserved for the third, bad film of a superhero trilogy. Did a movie about Batman vs Superman really need Lex Luthor? Probably not. Did it need a CGI wasteland with Doomsday at the center? Definitely not. And while this was a passable Wonder Woman, the forced inclusion of Superman's wife and mother, both dithering about pointlessly with cringeworthy dialogue, is unlikely to placate whatever portion of people looked at a BvS movie and thought to themselves "this needs more women". The excess of characters leaves little time for the movie's central conflict, with Batman's one-note rage coming off as hollow. Even more time is wasted on CGI fakery (whereas the smart blockbusters, Batman movies included, go hard for real locations and practical effects), and the hallmark of lazy writing: excessive dream sequences. And for all the stakes this movie purports to have, the ham-handed introduction of the Justice League leaves little doubt in the viewer's mind that regardless of how many explosions we see, everyone will be back for the next movie. Except, possibly, the audience.… Expand This movie made no sense, It jumped all over the place at one moment Batman and Superman are enemies, next thing you know Batman is saving Superman's mother telling her "Don't worry I'm a friend of your sons". And the reason Wonder Woman wasThis movie made no sense, It jumped all over the place at one moment Batman and Superman are enemies, next thing you know Batman is saving Superman's mother telling her "Don't worry I'm a friend of your sons". And the reason Wonder Woman was in the movie was never really explained it's like she popped out of nowhere at the end of the movie.… Expand This film is just a mess. Is trying to set itself up like the MCU (not a bad thing), but it does it so awfully. Just throws these random scenes in every now and then.Lex Luthor is portrayed horrendously. He is nothing like the comics haveThis film is just a mess. Is trying to set itself up like the MCU (not a bad thing), but it does it so awfully. Just throws these random scenes in every now and then.Lex Luthor is portrayed horrendously. He is nothing like the comics have set him up as. Should have really used Injustice, or Smallville, or other Superman films for inspiration. But BvS' Lex is just absurd. It's almost as though they were trying to go for a Joker vibe, which is ridiculous. Lex is controlled chaos, Joker is apocalyptic anarchy.Ultimately with everything they've tried to set up, the end product feels so rushed because they wasted so much time on pieces that impacted the film in no way at all.In short,Affleck is a good BatmanCavill is alright as Superman (was better in MoS)Gadot is a good Wonder Woman (surprised me)Eisenberg is an awful Lex Luthor In my opinion, Batman should have had his solo film first. to more establish him in the DCU, instead of what just felt like shoe horning him in.… Expand biggest plot holes of my life. unnecessary michael bay type of action. philosophy for dummies. characters don't get reasons to behave the way they do - and all of them come out of it just plain stupid. most of the problems could have been solved by superman in the matter of seconds or in two more explanatory sentences. I'm sad. as affleck. hello darkness my old friend.… Expand Probably the worst superhero mvoie to date.There is no emotional attachment to any of the characters, the whole movie is just a bunch of scenes thrown together with no flow.Everything explodes over the top and of course there has to beProbably the worst superhero mvoie to date.There is no emotional attachment to any of the characters, the whole movie is just a bunch of scenes thrown together with no flow.Everything explodes over the top and of course there has to be the monster at the end which is very badly made imho.… Expand Pure farbage, If you want to watch batman using submachine guns, superman that tries to breath oxygen, braindead heroes who can get manipulated like puppets by an average teenager, than this is the movie for you. I couldnt suffer to watchPure farbage, If you want to watch batman using submachine guns, superman that tries to breath oxygen, braindead heroes who can get manipulated like puppets by an average teenager, than this is the movie for you. I couldnt suffer to watch after second halfs 10 minute. Many left saloon before me. I've never seen a movie that  wastes such great heroes spectacularly.… Expand The script is an incoherent mess. Batman is the only character with a clear motivation. This movie has the worst interpretation of Lex Luthor I have ever seen. The selling point of the movie is seeing Batman and Superman fight but you have toThe script is an incoherent mess. Batman is the only character with a clear motivation. This movie has the worst interpretation of Lex Luthor I have ever seen. The selling point of the movie is seeing Batman and Superman fight but you have to wait forever to see the fight and the fight is over in the blink of an eye. The addition of Wonder Woman and Doomsday is unnecessary and only adds to the convolution. That remains me, the actress who plays Wonder Woman is atrocious. The only actor who did a good job was Ben Affleck. It is a shame that Batman and Superman are unlikeable psychopaths. Lex Luthor is the only character worth rooting for to be honest since he is the most sane character out of all of them! Don't see the movie. It's a stupid, stupid mess.… Expand Wow, all the buildup to this movie, the PR people must be well paid because they bamboozled everyone. This movie was so ultimately boring!!the first hour was mind-numbing, Lois Lane was awful, Bruce Wayne is just an angry, sulking sullen spoilt rich kid with no personality, and superman is now a lovesick puppy bodyguarding his girlfriend with whom he lives and cooks for. WTH!! . He's a God in the DC universe!!! Yet again the American parliament is portrayed as so powerful they cancall a man who they have built a statue in honour of to answer for hisactions...the actions which he undertook with the full support of theAmerican military in the first place!! All it portrayed was how ficklethe US government is and quick to turn on their saviour. Bruce Wayne says something ultimately moronic about even if there's a one percent chance Superman is their enemy it must be taken as a certainty...WHAT THE F@#@$#@$??! Any rational person would say we're lucky that 99% of a God is on our side. Also thanks for re-inventing the character of Batman completely, now that he shoots and kills people it makes it that much more entertaining, even though it flies in the face of Batman's one and only rule that has been his anchoring trait in every battle of his crime-fighting career since the inception of the character. Lol, Superman flying with the kryptonite spear, he gets marks for spunk, but since kryptonite to him is like cyanide to us, it is rather confusing. Lets not even get into the fact that they let Superman 'die', not only that but long enough that they could plan a funeral for him :D. We ALL KNOW superman is a major part of the  Justice League, why waste anyone's time making us go through false sorrow just so some girl can squeeze onto her dates arm giving him the signal that maybe he's in the running to get some after the movie. ...use the time to maybe throw in another action sequence to add to the other 3 scenes. Very disappointing!Especially since this is hot on the heels of probably the best superhero movie ever, Deadpool. Deadpool was extremely entertaining. I expected colossal action sequences in BvS, instead, it felt like a spy film noir exercise. The most entertaining thing of the movie was finding new pockets of salt at the bottom of my popcorn. The dream sequences were so moronic, wow. how did they get through the storyboard stage? What was the point of them?! they just wasted our time. Literally. They were a pure waste of time. How much money did those scenes cost? Exactly from where did Bruce come across anyone or anything that would cause him to dream of someone warning him that 'Lois is the key'...which wasn't a cliche vague line at alllll. Lois Lane had no reason to exist in this film other than to make the female viewers hold their boyfriends arm that much tighter saying aww he's so sweet. She added no value to the plot or even Superman's character. Lex Luthor...wow...one of the iconic villains in all of comics is now a kid who inherits his dad's company and plays basketball like a hipster in his lobby. Oh and just a quick mention of the actual fight between batman and superman. ... Done..that's what the fight felt like. One, Two, done. DC are really losing the plot. Deadpool has officially killed the DC Cinema universe. Dark Knight, ironically, was a shining bright spot of DC cinema.… Expand SPOILERS Where to start? The whole fight between Batman and Superman was less then 5 minutes and 90% of the fight was in the trailers already, the longggg build up with the pointless bullet plot was boring, it was just a mess. Affleck isSPOILERS Where to start? The whole fight between Batman and Superman was less then 5 minutes and 90% of the fight was in the trailers already, the longggg build up with the pointless bullet plot was boring, it was just a mess. Affleck is one amazing Batman, have to give credit where its due, but Cavill is still a horribly wooden Superman, and surely I dont need to mention how painfully awful the new Luthor is, i actually turned my head away in the cinema to avoid the cringe he provides to the story. The setting up for other films was so lazily done and stupid, did Lex design there logos too in this universe lol? Speaking of stupid, Lois Lane gets saved like three times during the film, she is so irritating and pointless. The final act with Doomsday, the disgusting ugly troll was just filled with CGI explosions, nothing about it made sense, from how he became real to why they even used him in the first place, such a wasted opportunity if you know what he looks like and can do in the comics. He has a second form where he does nothing new and pebbles come from his back too, so theres that. Superman does 'die' and what a dreadful mistake to make, killing him off this early is beyond idiotic for obvious reasons, but we all know he isnt going to stay dead which means using the death of Superman for another film in the future is going to have no emotional impact whatsoever. Overall the film is a rushed mess, there was some nice cinematography and as i said before Batfleck is great but all this film did was waste my money, biggest disapointment in years.… Expand Wow, I thought this would be lackluster, but this movie is just a mess.  Eisenberg's Luthor is appalling, Cavil's Superman is cardboard, and Affleck's batman is pale comparison to the pretty much universally loved Nolan Dark Knight.Wow, I thought this would be lackluster, but this movie is just a mess.  Eisenberg's Luthor is appalling, Cavil's Superman is cardboard, and Affleck's batman is pale comparison to the pretty much universally loved Nolan Dark Knight. Warner/DC should cut their losses and scrap their plans for making the epic of the Justice League if this is the best they can do.  This discombobulated splosion-fest by Snyder is underwhelmingly bad.… Expand The only reason why this movie made a lot of money is because they wanted to see batman and superman in the same movie. Zack snydick took a huge **** on this film. Jessie Eisenberg played the worst lex Luther I have ever seen. He's a childThe only reason why this movie made a lot of money is because they wanted to see batman and superman in the same movie. Zack snydick took a huge **** on this film. Jessie Eisenberg played the worst lex Luther I have ever seen. He's a child and very annoying throughout the film. Don't waste your money. Go see dead Poole if you want to see an actually movie.if I could give it less than A zero I would have.… Expand From the first minute of this film to the last, the film is just awful. The film is dull, confusing, and too much is going on at one time. Bad acting, and awfully used special affects don't help either. Overall, don't waste your money and 150From the first minute of this film to the last, the film is just awful. The film is dull, confusing, and too much is going on at one time. Bad acting, and awfully used special affects don't help either. Overall, don't waste your money and 150 minutes on this movie.… Expand Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is a mess of a movie to be honest, but it isn’t without a few good sequences are aspects that make it watchable. But to get to the point of this films problem, it is basically just an overlong film withBatman V Superman: Dawn of Justice is a mess of a movie to be honest, but it isn’t without a few good sequences are aspects that make it watchable. But to get to the point of this films problem, it is basically just an overlong film with little plot and no coherence to allow itself to be an extended advertisement as to what comes next.We get a bunch of action sequences that are just badly edited and not really fun to watch. The fight with Wonder Woman, Batman and Superman fighting doomsday isn’t fun as you hardly understand who is attacking it, what damage they’re doing and due to the fact they get thrown around so much it becomes nauseating and frustrating to watch.Despite those awful fight sequences, the redeemer of the movie is Batfleck as he plays Bruce Wayne with charm and instability. His take on the Dark Knight is so brutal that it feels fresh even after having Christian Bale do a good job a few years back. His fight sequences are well choreographed and well shot, with the desert sequence showing an awesome spinning shot around Batman taking endless soldiers, and then the warehouse scene in which Batman brutally stabs, shoots and punches people into the ground. One sequences that was still fairly enjoyable was the Batmobile sequence, but the Batmobile itself irritated me. It bounced around way too much that made it look like it was a darker take on a Herbie car due to how it flung around and bounced about. It looked like it belonged in an animated feature. Despite this, Batman was awesome in the film and I’m definitely excited to see a standalone Batman film now.Returning to the negatives, the film has such a drawn out plot that could’ve been condensed into 30 minutes before getting to the fight sequences, It was as if Snyder wanted to do what he did to Watchmen but with no plot. Also, even though Batman V Super man is the title, they literally only fight once in the film and it lasts about 5 minutes maximum and is quite ‘meh’. Straight after that they team up and bros all around.Also I don’t see the hype about Wonder Woman. She seemed pretty cool but with how badly the fight between Doomsday was I didn’t really get the ‘awe’ some other people got. Luckily Gal Gadot played her fine so I don’t have any problems per say with her but Lex Luthor was so miscast. Eisenberg did the best he could with his ability in this film but did not come across convincing at all. Starting every sentence with a high pitched screech doesn’t make you menacing, it makes you unbelievably annoying.Another thing that annoyed me was the Superman fake out death… Twice! This was just awful writing here, we know Superman isn’t going to die so why pretend he gets blown up by a nuke and then pretend he’s dead at the end of the film (which by the way the ending pissed me off too). Like fair enough put one fake out death for maybe a younger audience who aren’t as familiar with Superman or the really gullible idiots who buy that kind of stuff but doing it twice? That’s just pathetic writing to add in a few more minutes of ‘emotion’.All these things annoy me but only one gets deep under my skin. The film is just an advertisement.This is due to Bruce Wayne obtaining LexCorp information and starts going through it. He stumbles across Wonder Womans file and then – cue the epic music – shots of the picture and then a slow zoom on Wayne’s shocked expression. Even the way all the people are lined up in that photo looks like their posing for a promotional poster. Then we move onto every other file on memory stick that Luthor somehow possesses. It shows Cyborg (in an experiment with a random cube with no explanation as to what it is), Flash (no real problems with this clip just this segment makes me not enjoy it) and Aquaman (now I love Jason Momoa after Khal Drogo but the way he slowly comes towards the camera and looks at it looks like he is posing for a promotional). Now this did not give me any excitement, it actually made me sigh. If we are going to get a sneak-peak into the future DC films I’d rather they be little easter eggs, not a whole section that’s a montage of each character with music that makes everyone realise what’s happening. It was so in my face and pissed me right off.There is then at the end of the film Bruce Wayne roughly says [to Wonder Woman] “we must find the rest of them (Justice League) so they can fight with us” to which Wonder Woman replies fight what and Bruce says “something, I’ve got a feeling”. That’s such a **** reason for him to want to find them and did not make me hyped at the end of the film.Overall the film is messy, cluttered and too much of an advertisement for me to really enjoy. Batman is great in the film though and additionaly I must say people can’t complain about this film not having jokes like marvel films. It’s not a Marvel film and DC are known for being darker.But still to summarise, Batman V Superman is a film made for hype but with little substance and hardly any polish to it.… Expand I have returned to comment again. After watching the movie, at first I was disappointed, then I was sad, and the next day I am angry. Others have commented that the movie was true to the original comic book roots. This is not true.I have returned to comment again. After watching the movie, at first I was disappointed, then I was sad, and the next day I am angry. Others have commented that the movie was true to the original comic book roots. This is not true. Everyone knows that Batman hates guns because his parents were killed by one. Everyone knows that Superman does not kill unless he has no choice. These two basic character traits were changed, and for what ? Some commenters say the cinematography was good. How do you know when 90% of the movie is in the dark ? The producers had a reported $250 million dollars to use, they had two of the most iconic characters in history and they had the good-will of every movie goer who wanted this to be a great movie. How was it possible to make a bad movie with all this going for it ? This is incompetence or arrogance which is almost criminal. Batman should appear on their roof and arrest these filmmakers.… Expand If I hadn't seen Fant4stic I would consider this POS movie the worst CB movie of all time.  The Jolly Ranchers scene alone is more corny than anything in Batman and Robin.  Just watch the animated movie instead of this crap avoid it at allIf I hadn't seen Fant4stic I would consider this POS movie the worst CB movie of all time.  The Jolly Ranchers scene alone is more corny than anything in Batman and Robin.  Just watch the animated movie instead of this crap avoid it at all costs.  It's not even a so bad it's good movie it's just a complete train wreck… Expand Lex is one of my all time favourite villains- and he alone turns an otherwise slightly above average movie into a cringe worthy mess. If they do a sequel and discover the Joker cut off his face and glued it to his own that might make sense,Lex is one of my all time favourite villains- and he alone turns an otherwise slightly above average movie into a cringe worthy mess. If they do a sequel and discover the Joker cut off his face and glued it to his own that might make sense, because Lex- while insane- is not the Joker. Superman is dull- so they got that character right. They spoiled, literally, everything in the commercials that happens in the movie, so there will be no point where you will be even slightly surprised. Except, perhaps, at how inappropriately used the flashbacks are. There is one, and only one, bright spot in this movie that gives some hope for the future. Affleck is a shockingly good Batman, I didn't see that coming. Though, I do wonder what happened to batman's big rule, as he goes on completely needless murderous rampages throughout the city- I can't say much bad about that though as his fights were the most entertaining parts of the movie. That's about it though. Louis spends the movie being remarkably useless and needing to be saved over and over, even the one time she could have done something of value at the end she manages to prove her purpose in life is to put Superman/the world in danger playing a damsel in distress. Between the villain, government and heroes almost none of them make a rational or sensible decision from the very start of the movie, throwing into question the plausibility of any of this happening in the first place. At the very least, we can safely say DC coming out with Justice League isn't copying Marvel's Avengers- because Marvel actually can make a good movie. Seriously, if Suicide Squad is half as bad as this atrocity, I'm done with DC for good.… Expand Big chunks of this movie are Fan4stic levels of bad, in the case of Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor its even worse. The movie does have some moments that are pretty good, but overall I'd say this was a flop in my eyes. No major spoilers. MaybeBig chunks of this movie are Fan4stic levels of bad, in the case of Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor its even worse. The movie does have some moments that are pretty good, but overall I'd say this was a flop in my eyes. No major spoilers. Maybe minor ones, but nothing big or that wasn't already revealed in trailers. Giving it a 3/10 because the only thing even worth seeing in this movie is a few of the action sequences, and even those are sprinkled with disappointment. Positives:+Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman steals every scene she is in. She doesn't talk much, but she is smart, tough, and kind. The little bit she is in this movie has me excited for the upcoming WW movie, which I previously wasn't.+Action sequences in the last 20 minutes of the movie are pretty good. A bit overboard on the CGI, but still good. It will look dated in a few years though I'm sure.+All of the justice league actors do a fine job acting-wise. They embody their characters well, even if their script was garbage at times.+Jeremy Irons is a great Alfred. Can't wait to see more of him in the Batman solo film. Negatives:-Batman straight up murders people, with guns even. No question about it. This is not Batman, this is Zack Snyder fan fiction.-The plot is an absolute mess. They tried to do 4 movies in one and it just turned out a convoluted mess. Man of Steel 2, Doomsday, Dawn of Justice, and The Dark Knight Returns. It tries to do all four of those storylines at once and it all had to get gutted to fit into a single movie.-Jesse Eisenberg is atrocious at "Alexander" Luthor. They make it a point to differentiate him from "Lex" Luthor. Jesse talks about his father as if he's dead though, so this is the Lex Luthor we get. Every single second he was on screen was cringeworthy.-In the end we are led to believe that Lex masterminded the confrontation between Batman and Superman, but its more like things just happened that way and Lex took credit for it all.… Expand The soundtrack is the only good thing about the movie. The storyline is in chaos and the characters are butchered to the point of this not even qualifying as the DC universe. Also the character motivations are in chaos and the characters justThe soundtrack is the only good thing about the movie. The storyline is in chaos and the characters are butchered to the point of this not even qualifying as the DC universe. Also the character motivations are in chaos and the characters just do what the plot demands them to do. And finally, the camera has a low FoV, with a camera shake, and the color filters are oversaturated to the point of obscuring the image.… Expand This was one of the most bitter wastes of time I've had in the cinema in years. The story is incoherent, the characters are flat and uninteresting, with motivations that are barely explored or explained, and the action scenes are too zoomedThis was one of the most bitter wastes of time I've had in the cinema in years. The story is incoherent, the characters are flat and uninteresting, with motivations that are barely explored or explained, and the action scenes are too zoomed in, too quickly cut too, and too dark to make out. The entire film felt like a massive let down and it's sincerely put me off from watching any other DC film; which is a shame as I quite liked Man Of Steel. For more specific issues; the reasoning behind why Batman and Superman are fighting, and why they stop fighting and join forces is about as flimsy as it's possible to make it. The character of Lex Luthor makes no sense at all, with no clear motives, no indication of the super-intelligent businessman; he's more like a contrived and poor attempt at recreating The Joker from 'The Dark Knight'. Finally the constant dream sequences at the beginning threw the films pacing out entirely and made it feel pretentious and cheap. With an atmosphere that is a desperate attempt at being "grimdark" for the sake of it, this film felt like it didn't know how to have fun. This is Batman and Superman for Christ-sake, if you can't make them fun you don't know what fun is! It was insulting, boring, and is a waste of time and money. Avoid this film.… Expand Batman v Superman:Dawn of Justice supposed to have a great story for two of the most iconic superhero ever made but falls short because the film is busy setting up the future DC universe,cramming all potential plot points which wasBatman v Superman:Dawn of Justice supposed to have a great story for two of the most iconic superhero ever made but falls short because the film is busy setting up the future DC universe,cramming all potential plot points which was disjointed,characters that are misused and underdeveloped,a great fight which is supposed to be turned into just a minute tussle and and a villain which was over-the-top and has a confusing motives.The film has multiple endings,letting you ask when the movie will be over.Boring,unbalanced,confusing and all in all unsatisfying.… Expand I'm a huge DC fan, I read the comics, I buy every animated movie that comes out the day of release, I have DC comic book character prints all over my apartment, I have a poster of the Justice league in my office where different groups call themselves different marvel teams such as the avengers, and X-Force. I'm a minority in the office and defend DC frequently. I even flew to Seattle to watch it with my brother. Nobody wanted this to be an amazing success more than me. From the critics perspective I have a film studies minor from college, I spend and embaressing amount of time watching and reading about film. So From a critics perspective I feel I have a good understanding of where they're coming from. Putting it simply, this movie is just bad. As the art of film goes its far too disjointed and confusing. The story has no continuity. They spend so much time setting up great ideas like challenging superman's authority by the government, Which is a fantastic idea, but right as it gets interesting and Superman is meeting with the senator. Boom, screw this storyline lets kill everyone and then never mention it again. Essentially making the first third of the movie a waste of time. As a comic book fan I understand that they are setting up Injustice and darkseid and the nods to flashpoint paradox, death of superman, dark knight returns, death in the family. When flash comes to warn batman, it seems like it would be a bigger deal, but almost immediately after it happens its brushed under the rug, and forgotten. Batman's motivations to kill superman are completely thick headed. He fly's into a blind rage and wants to kill him without even talking to him. Then changes his mind when all the adrenaline is pumping and seconds away from killing superman because Superman has a mother. Despite how you think Batman should be, this is just not how someone described as the worlds greatest detective would act. He would act after carefully calculating his position and objective in the long run. Maybe, I don't know, talk to Superman and find out his intentions, but if Batman's fears were realized and superman really could rule or destroy the planet (which is obviously the case because the Flash tried to warn Batman of this exact future, but Batman ignores this highly unusual event), Superman would do these things regardless of his earth mother/family/friends, especially if lois died. Luthor's motivations are unclear. I know why he hates superman in the comics, but the movie starts and Lex just hates him, Why? He just does. The world then just conveniently allows for all his plans to proceed. The kryptonian ship just gives him command because the plot requires it to happen. Batman just stupidly falls into line to fight Superman because the plot requires it. The creation of doomsday happened because the plot demanded it. Just throw some blood on zod and you get a doomsday, of course! The senator stands in Lex's way and he kills her without even the slightest difficulty. With all the terrorism these days, they had not preventative measures? His entire plan, falls into place because the plot needs it to happen. Most of the movie is just throwing stuff to make fans happy, and set up other movies. The only motivation was money. True, they need to make money for the production and the a financial return, but does that have to be the only motivation? We can't make something that will be remembered? No true love for comics like Ryan Reynolds Deadpool? Just money... The tie ins for the other characters were entirely forced so they could set up the other movies. They didn't support the plot at all. Even Wonder Woman's inclusion was only there because they needed help to fight doomsday, she never explained what she was doing there she left the world of man, and now she's back, just because. Gal did a GREAT job in the roll but the character shouldn't have been there. She was just there because fans' want to see the holy trinity on screen. Killing Superman was completely wasted, everyone hates him in this world and killing him off now means nothing. People could have started hating him, and then over several movies start to love him and at the height of his popularity, then you kill him, and gather all the justice league, the whole world to mourn him just like in the comic. So when he comes back its far more memorable and we see why we love him so much. Maybe having the JL struggle to kill off darkseid, and when all seems lost, THEN bring him back as a symbol of hope. Killing him now is just to appease fans. Then the movie ends and everyone can rest assured because he didn't really die. With all Zack's CONSTANT Jesus symbolism you'd think superman's sacrifice would mean more. Why not have it end with everyone thinking he's dead, just like the comic."DID THEY REALLY KILL HIM OFF!" People would be dying to see the next film. In the end, events of the film would all be avoided if someone listened to Superman for more than 5 seconds...… Expand This movie clearly deserves this extremely low score, Batman kicking the man of steel around is pure and simple garbage. This movie director clearly does not hide that he supports Batman. I read an article about him speaking positively aboutThis movie clearly deserves this extremely low score, Batman kicking the man of steel around is pure and simple garbage. This movie director clearly does not hide that he supports Batman. I read an article about him speaking positively about the Dark Night and referring Superman as THAT OTHER GUY!My point is with or without Cryptonite the man of steel can surely slap around Batman who has no super powers and is plain and simple just a regular human. There really was no need of embarrassing Superman like that! The ultimate disrespect was that Lois Lane had to beg Batman not to end Supermans miserable life. The only thing left was to see Batman riding around in his Batmobile whith Superman handcuffed in his trunk....… Expand Go do yourself a favor, go take a dump and stare at it for a bit. Congratulations you've just watched something better than this film. The plot makes no sense. The character's motivations make no sense. This is a travesty to the legendaryGo do yourself a favor, go take a dump and stare at it for a bit. Congratulations you've just watched something better than this film. The plot makes no sense. The character's motivations make no sense. This is a travesty to the legendary work Christopher Nolan created. This is the most disappointing super hero film I have ever seen.… Expand The movie is not good. Not at all. As a fan os Zack Snyder I enjoyed the way the photography and direction. The actors are good and play their role very well. However, the script is terrible. They just were more preoccupied with making big scenes and making the film like something huge than the conversations or giving actual reasons for each chacracter doing what they did. The scene that ends the battle between Batman and Superman is absolutely ridiculous. They were fighting each other and BATMAN just stops and feels sorry for superman because their mother have the same name? And Louis appearing in the middle of their fight was even worse. There are a lot of terrible scenes and conversations because they just did not care of making a movie that is well connected but only cared about big fight scenes and easter eggs so the comic fans would enjoy the references no one else does.… Expand Another reboot of another old story yeah why not mash it all toghether it doesn't matter who you areI am so sick of hearing the same stories for 50 years well take my word that is **** you for not bringing something original and **** youAnother reboot of another old story yeah why not mash it all toghether it doesn't matter who you areI am so sick of hearing the same stories for 50 years well take my word that is **** you for not bringing something original and **** you for wasting such talent rebooting the same damn characters over and over again i am sick of this **** i dont even download it dont watch the trailer never want another superman of batman reboot in movies gaming or whatever ****ing bring something to the table or eat you **** like dogs.… Expand Epic disappointment,such a waste.Two greatest superheroes and this is what we get.Not made for adults,not made for kids,not made for anyone.This was supposed to be something special.Dialogue is worthless.You cant force yourself to careEpic disappointment,such a waste.Two greatest superheroes and this is what we get.Not made for adults,not made for kids,not made for anyone.This was supposed to be something special.Dialogue is worthless.You cant force yourself to care about anyone or anything that is happening.Had slight hope in the beggining,but it was crushed cruely with every ongoing second.Batman and Superman encounter was interesting at first (how could it not be) and then a second later it became so bad that i was bored amd irritated.Luthor was awful.No love,no creativity,no originality in this movie.I wish i never saw this.You end up with anger in the end hahh… Expand Full disclosure: I'm a big comics fan. I mostly read Marvel, but I love Batman (cliche, I know) as well as some other DC stuff. Also, I wasn't a fan of Man of Steel, but I liked Watchmen and 300 for the most part, so I go into this wanting itFull disclosure: I'm a big comics fan. I mostly read Marvel, but I love Batman (cliche, I know) as well as some other DC stuff. Also, I wasn't a fan of Man of Steel, but I liked Watchmen and 300 for the most part, so I go into this wanting it to be good, and not thinking that Zack Snyder is the worst director in the history of world.Probably the biggest criticism I've heard is along the lines of the Man of Steel neck-snap: that Batman kills people. You can say what you want about it not being "true to the characters", but it's clear the source material is no more than a basis for the characters as they are presented.I don't begrudge the movie that. In fact, part of me likes the balls they show trying to do something different, trying to reinterpret the characters, so the fact that Batman kills people, or that Superman's defining character traits are violent and selfish, really have no bearing on my opinion about this movie. My problem with BvS is a much simpler one: it's a bad movie.The script is bad, bordering on terrible, both from a story perspective and regarding dialogue. Half of the subplots are completely unnecessary and only serve to clutter the 2.5 hour runtime, and almost all of what moved the plot forward was some combination of boring, contrived, illogical (for the character, not from a viewer's perspective) and unbelievable.The editing is just as bad as the script. It makes scene transitions (if you can call them that) off-putting at best.Much like Man of Steel, it really tries to be more than just a blockbuster movie, with themes and motifs (it's actually hilarious to watch for the horses through the movie). The religious symbolism from Man of Steel is back and in much greater volume, as if there wasn't already enough. I think this is the thing that makes me hate it the most. It tries to be "better" than the average superhero movie, to be "art", whatever that means, only to come off as arrogant, ham-fisted nonsense.On the plus side, the cinematography is stunning (regardless of some spotty CGI at points). Most of the action is pretty good, as are the costumes. Almost all of the performances are better than the script: Affleck, Gadot and Eisenberg, especially, do as well as could be hoped with the roles they were given (Lex Luthor had an especially stupid role, so kudos to him). There were certainly moments I liked, but most of it was boring or just plain bad.… Expand The movie is over-all bad, the only thing good about the movie was Bataflleck. Lex Luthor was terrible and doomsday gave me cancer. Dc fans like to criticize marvel movies because they are way to childish, but this movie was a childish movie,The movie is over-all bad, the only thing good about the movie was Bataflleck. Lex Luthor was terrible and doomsday gave me cancer. Dc fans like to criticize marvel movies because they are way to childish, but this movie was a childish movie, full of dumb jokes, even in the critic moments.… Expand don't believe the bogus perfect scores. this movie is an embarassing pile of @$$. the story makes no sense. Ben Afleck is fat and whiny while Henry acts like a stilted robot as superman. whatever story Snyder promised you its not there. Itsdon't believe the bogus perfect scores. this movie is an embarassing pile of @$$. the story makes no sense. Ben Afleck is fat and whiny while Henry acts like a stilted robot as superman. whatever story Snyder promised you its not there. Its basically The Dark Knight Returns comic spliced with elements from Injustice and Death of Superman with none of the good storytelling.… Expand This movie was garbage, this movie started off with a good 15 minutes, but then turned into 5 different movies.  The film tried to be too many things leading to an incoherent, convoluted, and illogical plot.  There were so many jump cuts inThis movie was garbage, this movie started off with a good 15 minutes, but then turned into 5 different movies.  The film tried to be too many things leading to an incoherent, convoluted, and illogical plot.  There were so many jump cuts in this film, it was very hard to navigate what was going on.  The editing is all over the place, the movie seems to be missing a lot of scenes.  This movie was also 40 minutes too long with a lot of unnecessary scenes with Lex Luthor.  The character motivations in this movie made no sense.  Lex Luthor is basically a cartoon version of a psychopath.  The heroes of this movie are unlikable, Batman and Superman both kill people in this movie.  Who would want to root for heroes that kill people.  This also makes Batman very hypocritical.  The movie tries too hard to rush in all of the Justice League to catch up with Disney and Marvel.  Warner Bros. is forgetting that it took Marvel 4 - 5 solo films before they could start The Avengers.  The last third act of this film is abysmal.  The CGI is so bad, it is almost on par with the latest Fantastic Four.… Expand When I say this movie makes little sense it's not because the story-line is confusing it's because the way it was edited and the order certain scenes were put in it's just bewildering. Confusion is not the only sin this movie commits, but it's a big one. Scenes that make little sense are just shoved in and sometimes never referred to again or explained at all so we have no idea what they mean (unless you're a hardcore comic buff) . Beyond the poor explanations given we still have no idea why most of the things that are happening happen, they just kind of do. The motivations are non sensible and ever changing. To add to that when we are given a character's motivation it just comes across as ridiculous. Really the whole movie comes across as dumb and I won't spoil anything for you but the big reason why Batman at the last second doesn't kill Superman is one of the most ill advised, ludicrous examples of bad writing I have ever had the misfortune of witnessing. The entire script is so dull and lifeless and while it tries to be epic and pompous it just comes across as bland. None of the characters really rise above their script either, Superman's character is completely uninteresting, Batman even ends up being kind of dull (though he's by far the best) and Lois Lane just might as well not be there, it wouldn't make much of a difference. Lex Luthor is easily the worst incarnation of the character ever written into existence. This goes beyond the casting of Jesse Eisenberg as Luthor,  the character as written comes across as a combination of The Joker and Luthor and while at first it's kind of charming, after two and a half hours of it you just want to duck tape his mouth shut so you won't have to listen to him preach on about his daddy issues, or his weird hang up with god or whatever else he's prattling on about. Believe me, this movie is a catastrophe on every level, but there are parts of it that seem like they could be really interesting, but Lex goddamn Luthor steps in and ruins them. People are of course going to talk about the action and how could they not? It's Batman vs Superman so of course it's going to be an epic fight. And I guess yeah the fights are kind of cool, but they're really short and the CGI looks pretty bad for the most part. Doomsday looks awful and the way they mashed together the stories of The Dark Knight Returns and The Death of Superman could not have been done in a more awkward way. The worst part is though that they don't even understand the characters they're trying to develop. No one in the movie seems to give one **** about the  civilian casualties and Superman is honestly kind of a horrible person in this. Batman is dark and brooding, check, but he's not much of a detective and he's certainly not a hero. For kids who are seeing this movie they are probably going to enjoy this, and to be honest I hope they do because I know how much I wanted this to be good being an adult, but being a kid who loved superheros I know how much I wanted to love every superhero movie I saw. The truth of it is that we all wanted this movie to be so much more than it is, I could go on about this movie because there are so many things wrong with it, but the bottom line is that Zach Snyder doesn't understand Superman, Batman or the DC universe at all, this movie makes me miss Superman Returns, at least that movie made sense and had a good understanding of who Superman is supposed to be. Oh and Wonder Women turns out to be the best part of this whole thing and she's in it for all of 15 minutes (as Wonder Women and not just some strange women Bruce Wayne is flirting with). I'm not going to tell anyone not to see it, because you should, everyone should form their own opinion of it and to be honest I hope you like it more than I did because watching a movie like this should not feel like getting a tooth pulled out, but it did. Please, no more Zach Snyder Superman movies.… Expand It is hard to place my finger on what Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice truly is as a film. Before I begin tearing it apart scene-by-scene, let me state the positives. The acting is phenomenal. Jeremy Irons, Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot, Laurence Fishburne, Henry Cavill, Jesse Eisenberg, and Amy Adams, are all very, very good here. The film's score is terrific. The sound in the film is great as well. IMAX is the best way to view this one and truly get the full sound experience. Additionally, it is greatly entertaining. Immediately after leaving the theater, I was tricked into thinking I liked it more than I did because the film truly feels epic and the film has the weight and entertainment level it desperately needed. It is a truly cinematic experience that needs to be experienced in theaters, even if I think the movie is bad. As with all Zack Snyder films, the film's look and feel is incredible. It looks gorgeous and really is a visual splendor. Finally, Superman's best scene here is when he lands in a crowd of people after saving a child in Juarez. The people all crowd around just to touch him. Brilliantly chill inducing scene. Now the spoiler packed negatives. The film runs two and a half hours and is way overlong. There are so many filler scenes it is incredible. For example, the four dream sequences are idiotic. Having, I think, the Flash tell Batman in a dream that "Lois Lane is the key" is pointless and does nothing here. Plus, why is the Flash here already? Wonder Woman watches videos of the other Justice League members for nearly 3-5 minutes right before the climax of the damn movie. Is that some sick joke? It is almost like Zack Snyder has a blue balls fetish and figured his audience did too. The film opens with Batman's origin story, yet the audience already knows it and it is largely inconsequential (except for one stupid scene that needed to be reworked anyways). The entirety of the trial in the film can be cut out. The bombing at the capitol building is quickly forgotten and the throngs of people who hate Superman and thinks he needs to be brought to justice are swiftly forgotten when he dies and everybody loves him again in five seconds. The same happens with Batman. He hates Superman for the destruction he caused in Man of Steel, yet he finds out their mothers share the same name (yep) and that Superman is trying to save his mom from Lex Luther, so he decides to team up with him and become friends. What a serious cop out. There is a dream sequence in which Superman speaks with his dead father and it adds nothing to the movie. Also, Batman walks past the graffitied outfit of Robin here as he does in the trailer, but it has no point in the movie. He glances at it and moves on quite quickly. Speaking of Lex Luther, Eisenberg does a great job, but I have no idea what his point is. He hates Superman and wants to get his hands on kryptonite to kill him for some reason. Oh and he wants him to fight Batman for....what? So that way the movie sells more tickets? Maybe to get rid of the only other person who would stop him, but I still have no idea why he hates Superman. Then he creates Doomsday, but has no way of controlling what he does and for some guy who is portrayed as being really smart, he is really dumb. Speaking of poorly constructed characters, what an abomination Lois Lane is. As with Man of Steel, she just follows the plot and almost dies repeatedly, only for Superman to save her. Just let her die at this point. They kill Superman here, but let you know he's alive at the end because, well, how can you just kill Superman like that amirite? The plot keeps moving, but only begrudgingly. For a film that is too long, it really could have stood to be longer. The editing is incoherent and scenes are just thrown together because, well, why not. If this is really the version of the film we are getting and nothing will be cut, then something seriously needed to be added to give characters more depth and for me to just better understand what happened beneath all the Justice League hype up nonsense. Why does Lex Luther do anything here? The tragic answer is because he needs to in order for the rest of the movie to happen, even if it motivations are unclear. Most egregiously, the religious symbolism is off the charts. There is literally a shot where Superman extends his arms and tilts his head like Christ on the cross. The the number of crucifixes is off the charts. This is no Superman. This is a Bible adaptation and Henry Cavill plays Jesus Christ. Seriously. Watch the movie and tell me otherwise. Overall, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a mess. Incoherent noisy nonsense that demands a change in direction. Zack Snyder is clearly enthusiastic about the material, but has no idea how to realize his dream film here. Instead, we get this mish mash of, possibly, three different movies. Yep, seriously. That said, Gadot is so good that Wonder Woman will be a must watch in 2017. Disappointing, yet fun.… Expand An open letter to Mr. Snyder, 17 years ago, The Phantom Menace proved to Hollywood that you can make money without striving for quality, as long as your movie can be marketed. Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice is the pinnacle of that kindAn open letter to Mr. Snyder, 17 years ago, The Phantom Menace proved to Hollywood that you can make money without striving for quality, as long as your movie can be marketed. Batman v Superman: Dawn Of Justice is the pinnacle of that kind of thinking. It reeks of studio misunderstanding of storytelling. Zack Snyder does not understand the source material he is working from. He is the ultimate pop trend follower that doesn't actually understand what they follow. He has convinced the studios that he knows about comic books, when he doesn't understand what makes a superhero. There are no heroes in a Zack Snyder movie. Everyone is to blame. Affleck, Nolan (producing), Adams, Fishburne. Any one of them could see that this was an awful movie. They either don't understand what they do for a living, or they don't care about the quality of the films they work on and don't care for your enjoyment. BvS is what happens when good people don't speak up when atrocities are happening. I just hope that this is the last dying gasp of this type of overblown, bombastic, illiterate, storytelling that has grown from the weeds of studio notes that should of been discarded. But I really know Snyder is to blame because this is his modus operandi. Misunderstanding the source material. At least with Suckerpunch he wasn't ruining anyone else material. Give up the superheroes. You only see them as super, and you never let them be real heroes. I want leaders with ideals worth following. I know it's not 1938 anymore, but that's the point. We need Superman because he stands for what is right. He stands for truth, justice, and the American way. If this is what you think is the American way, then you've lost your way. You don't understand anything about anything. You have squandered your chance to be immortalized for the fast and easy money. You could have made an amazing movie. You could have had the courage to try. But instead, you are content and having your entire career be a long, yellow line, down the middle of the road. Stop trying to look good and start being good. Be bold and brave and make big changes, but you know better than this. You are capable of more than this. Just try more. Just try at all. There was not one good moment in this whole movie. Affleck is not the best Batman by any stretch, he just seems like it because he's the best actor in this movie. That's not a hard task. You may think you are amazing, Mr Snyder, but I think you just can't let go of being right. Be open to being wrong and you can grow. We only learn from mistakes once we admit they are mistakes. 17 years ago The Phantom Menace proved that quality wasn't needed to make a lot of money. But 6 months ago The Force Awakens proved that marketing plus quality makes more money and results in real classics. Please, I implore you, try to really impress people on the next one. Don't just lean back and half-ass it. Get in. Be involved. Open your eyes. Admit your faults. Be great. Research. Learn.… Expand It's like 4 movies on one, none told correctly.The character development is poorly made, specially because is over simplistic: This guy is good because is good, this guy is bas because is bad.The way the characters react and interac,It's like 4 movies on one, none told correctly.The character development is poorly made, specially because is over simplistic: This guy is good because is good, this guy is bas because is bad.The way the characters react and interac, seems like a soap opera or a cheese sitcom from the 90's , because you know, everything could be solved by speaking 5 minutes.… Expand Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice is the result of a studio wanting to be Marvel but not having the knowledge or patience to do it themselves. The result is a hideous ugly monster that rivals Luther’s Doomsday. Perhaps by taking someBatman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice is the result of a studio wanting to be Marvel but not having the knowledge or patience to do it themselves. The result is a hideous ugly monster that rivals Luther’s Doomsday. Perhaps by taking some patience and providing a standalone Batman movie, a Superman sequel with Lex Luther, and then make this movie removing the Wonder Woman & JL references this could’ve been tolerable with a shortened run time and more unfocused story. Instead, we have one of the worst comic book movies ever made. One can only hope that either the other DC Movies are great and Snyder’s merely the annoying family member we have to put up with every once and a while or that the franchise dies due to poor reception.… Expand This movie is a failure. A Man of Steel sequel with a new Director would have been better than this mess. This movie starts by acknowledging the backlash over the destruction at the end of Man of Steel and then proceeds to do the exact sameThis movie is a failure. A Man of Steel sequel with a new Director would have been better than this mess. This movie starts by acknowledging the backlash over the destruction at the end of Man of Steel and then proceeds to do the exact same thing. Mindless destruction of entire buildings and cities filled with people but this time they've recorded 2-3 lines from extras saying that the area is abandoned. Jesse Eisenberg is a good actor, but a poor fit for Lex Luthor. Ben Affleck was not convincing as Batman, there was 0 transformation of the character. A lot of time is spent on Batman's childhood which everyone already knows. There are major logical fallacies here, at one point they depict Gotham and Metropolis as being directly across from each other. I'm talking like a 5 minute drive to get to one from the other. A lot of ideas are pulled straight from Nolan and done to poor effect here, they also ripped a few ideas from Harry Potter Goblet of Fire when Jesse creates Doomsday with absolutely no explanation. The Superman and Batman fight was not very intense, and it was very short. The movie is not kid friendly, buildings collapse filled with people, someone tries to set a woman on fire, a trip to Africa where everyone gets shot, there's a bomber. Never seen Batman and Superman kill so many people, honestly never seen Batman and Superman ever intentionally kill anyone, that's why they're such icons. Batman doesn't disable cars on his way to Luthor he literally explodes them filled with people. Wonder Woman was really solid but the costume was lame and a lot of her scenes were poorly written. The actress Gal Gadot did a nice job. The crowd loved her. Terrible Movie. The director is incompetent. I don't feel an emotional connection to these films, am often left in disbelief at the amount of destruction they overlook. The tone of the films is uneven and jarring, the plot does not make sense.… Expand Zach Snyder should never be allowed near the DC franchise again. This movie is utter garbage. The plot holes are so huge and glaring that only a sub 80 IQ could think this is any good. Warner Bros DC blew their load way too early. THE DEATH OF SUPERMAN ALREADY?! REALLY?… Expand Scene transitions were a mess, lex luthor was ridiculous, batman isn't very smart in this incarnation and superman still fails to instill hope. Cramming Frank millers non-canon TDKR's with death of superman was maybe the worst way they couldScene transitions were a mess, lex luthor was ridiculous, batman isn't very smart in this incarnation and superman still fails to instill hope. Cramming Frank millers non-canon TDKR's with death of superman was maybe the worst way they could have approached this considering they still got the rest of the league to introduce.… Expand The first half of the movie and most of the lead up focusing on batman was excellent, however; the movie fails to deliver on it's one most important promise.  Batman Vs Superman. With the failure of this central point all the other weaknessesThe first half of the movie and most of the lead up focusing on batman was excellent, however; the movie fails to deliver on it's one most important promise.  Batman Vs Superman. With the failure of this central point all the other weaknesses in the plot come apart and cascade to the floor like paper-mache rubble on a warnerbrothers sound-stage. At a certain point in this movie you, the audience member, get it. You can understand why batman needs to confront superman.  You don't really understand why superman will need to fight batman but you can hope there will be a reason, you can see why they would fight.  You can see the divide between them.  in the moment of truth after all the lead up. After the movie has all but convinced you that a conflict is not only inevitable but nessisary... that conflict never happens. Oh we see superman and batman fight once, but while batman is fighting for what he truely believes in, fighting for the reasons most of the movie has told you he must fight.  Superman is fighting because (spoilers) a villein told him to do it 30 seconds before hand.  Once this evil villeins plan  is made clear to batman (8 minutes later) suddenly batman and superman become instant friends. That philosophical divide between them that the movie spent so much time establishing is still there, all the many real reasons for batman to require the destruction of superman are still there. But they are ignored because there is suddenly a villein... and then another villain and then another villain...  This whole sequence is made worse becuase in this moment of "truce" where batman realizes that a villain is manipulating superman.  the two characters never actually communicate, superman and batman never even share a single line of dialog they never come to understand each-other and their differences. the following 45minuets of visual effects showing batman and superman join forces is nothing more than an emotionless theme park ride.  the movie convinced us that there was a deep fundamental divide between these two characters that needed to be reconciled but instead of reconciliation or rivalry or understanding or actual invested conflict.. the entire film excuses the characters from actualy even attempting to resolve their differences. watch a super powered villin destroy yet another city in a brawl with superman. watch batman make sacrafices and compromises in a crusade that is in the end made for no purpose.  see flashy fights and the best bruce wane we have ever seen... but dont expect to see character development. dont expect to see emotional pay off. watch the first 20 min and go home haveing seen a pretty good batman short. watch the last 20 minuets and see a terriblely rushed rendition of the (spoilers) "death of superman" comic book watch the middle and you see a confused jumble of poor editing, strange unmotivated character action and a lack of decent plot… Expand This is a very bad movie, i wanna my money and time back! Is a horrible movie, is a painful in the ass! A lot of nothing. this was a terrible attempt by Zack Snyder. the movie was all over the place and the plot was too scattered. itThis is a very bad movie, i wanna my money and time back! Is a horrible movie, is a painful in the ass! A lot of nothing. this was a terrible attempt by Zack Snyder. the movie was all over the place and the plot was too scattered. it lacked proper direction and focus. a lot of elements were just shoehorned into the whole thing.… Expand At the end of the day this movie is a bad, disjointed mess.It's a bunch of scenes thrown together with no sense of flow.It's missing much needed characterization to make us care about the characters and feel emotionally invested.
ThereAt the end of the day this movie is a bad, disjointed mess.It's a bunch of scenes thrown together with no sense of flow.It's missing much needed characterization to make us care about the characters and feel emotionally invested.There are too many stories stuffed into this movie with several not getting a proper resolution.The only redeeming quality of this movie is the Batman and his fight scenes, which are actually quite cool.… Expand So for this I made sure to lower my expectations after seeing the trailer, and even that wasn't enough. Did you think it couldn't get worse than Man of Steel? Well boy were you wrong. Picking up from where Man of Steel left off the storySo for this I made sure to lower my expectations after seeing the trailer, and even that wasn't enough. Did you think it couldn't get worse than Man of Steel? Well boy were you wrong. Picking up from where Man of Steel left off the story continues, and we get more destruction, a sorry excuse at building tension between the characters, more destruction, oh look there's Wonder Woman, and an ending that seemed endless.I'm not even going to fault Henry Cavill or Ben Affleck, they're far from the biggest problem (I don't particularly like Affleck as Batman but at least he didn't sink as bad as Val Kilmer). A superhero movie is only as good as its villain and we've got two of the worst in a long time. Lex Luthor played by Jesse Eisenberg and Doomsday (and no that's not a spoiler cause it's in the freakin' trailer). I'm not going to forgive Zach Snyder for this mess of a movie and I'm certainly not going to forgive Eisenberg for the most over acted and ridiculous performance of his career. Over the top and manic, almost like he tried to combine every villain character into one, it's just awful. No point in me giving a recommendation, if you like superhero movies you're going to see this no matter what I say, just like I went to see it, and that's why we'll get another one.… Expand Critics are right. This movie is painful to watch. It has a silly story with so many plot holes you can't even count them, the characters are poorly developed and the final team up between batman and superman it's simply ridiculous. Not toCritics are right. This movie is painful to watch. It has a silly story with so many plot holes you can't even count them, the characters are poorly developed and the final team up between batman and superman it's simply ridiculous. Not to mention that the only thing DC fan boys are saying to defend this 151 minutes mess is "Marvel only makes funny movies" proving that there aren't arguments to defend this movie. This film isn't bad compared to a marvel one, this is just  a terrible comic book movie. Seriously batman and robin is really looking good right now.… Expand I created a metacritic account just to fulfill my duty to movie fans for warning not to go. The movie is terrible. The story makes no sense, with countless irritations of bad acting (highlighting Jesse Heisenberg, taking irritation andI created a metacritic account just to fulfill my duty to movie fans for warning not to go. The movie is terrible. The story makes no sense, with countless irritations of bad acting (highlighting Jesse Heisenberg, taking irritation and over-acting to a new level).  When there finally is action, you can't see anything because of the bad camera angles. Ofcourse there are slomo scenes, but not in fight scenes. Someone gets in a bath or dropped some flowers; slomo. Fight scenes no slomo. When the batmobile arrives I expect an epic intro, but before you know it the scene ended.  Forced references which are so bad they're almost comedy. Forced emotional breakdowns which are so predictable and cheesy it hurts. Ben Affleck does do a reasonable job playing Batman, I feel bad for him that the movie has a director who wants to do everything epic. A complete fail and a middle finger to all batman fans. Please Zack Snyder, don't make any movies again with our favorite superhero.… Expand Zack Snyder who's previous movies built his reputation including 300, Watchmen, and Sucker Punch and thus landed him the Man of Steel gig.  Not sure that was enough pedigree to land him the entire DC franchise whether it be as Director orZack Snyder who's previous movies built his reputation including 300, Watchmen, and Sucker Punch and thus landed him the Man of Steel gig.  Not sure that was enough pedigree to land him the entire DC franchise whether it be as Director or Producer, yet someone had faith in him.  Unlike 300 which was a breakthrough hit, his movies were highly criticized as missing their mark with the audience.  I am one to give a man a chance, and felt you could not go wrong with such a great comic book heroes like Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman.  As I sat watching this movie, I was shocked how antsy I was feeling as boredom was slowly seeping in.  Constant screen changes between the characters was annoying and never left me feeling like I was getting a chance to just let the movie pull me in.  Anticipation to see something, anything happen.was causing me to get annoyed more and more as the movie went on. This movie was simply boring until the point in which we finally have some time of battle going on.  Everything up to that point, especially Lex Luthor and his hatred never manifests itself in the story telling.  We are left to have empathy towards all the feelings everyone has because we know the history.  In Man of Steel, Superman destroyed Metropolis as well as Gotham, so Batman has a grudge with an Alien who acts like a self-appointed savior of Earth.  Bruce Wayne/Batman is rich, so he can spend any amount of money to build his tech, weapons and protective bat suit.  Superman doesn't need anything but his powers because of the Earth's gravity makes him this way.  Bruce Wayne is smart and this is what has always separated him in DC comic book lore from the other heroes.  He is much like Iron Man is to Marvel, except he doesn't have something engineered to keep Mr. Wayne alive.  So this movie is built around the premise that Bruce needs to take down Superman.  Yet, he is way too intelligent to let his emotions play him this way, but we, the audience go along this journey and never really feel Bruce's angst towards Superman no matter how hard the movie wants us to feel it.  Whether you blame the director or the actors, someone has to take the blame.  Take a side, Team Superman or Team Batman.  Not so easy when you know that both heroes are exactly that, heroes.  You can't tell us to root against the two like they are presidential candidates or sports teams.  Hard to make the audience believe that when you fill the movie with so much fluff that the time we get are two combatants together it is because one of the superheroes is blackmailed to do so. I really believe this movie could have worked if we had some Marvel humor to lighten things up from time to time instead of the ultra serious tone this movie has.  There is nothing funny about this movie and that makes it one big joke.  Marvel knows their audience.  They let us stay to the credits role away just to get a teaser to the next movie.  How many people will stay to the end of the credits for this one?  Don't.  There is nothing, but movie credentials and unless you need to know the key grips and the music scores, then you are wasting your time.  Much as I felt in watching a boring movie that should have been the greatest superhero movie of all time.  As a kid I felt that DC was the stronger brand than Marvel, but that was all shattered last night.  Snyder leaves me with no confidence for his upcoming DC movies like Justice League 1 & 2.  If the people at Warner Bros. wants to save their franchise, take the keys out of Snyder's hands and let someone else take the helm.  Calling JJ Abrams would be the place to start.… Expand It's just not a good movie. It's actually rather a mess.So much of the first half is needless and doesn't advance the story, with Batman not needing the additional motivation and all the questions raised by people being forgotten when theIt's just not a good movie. It's actually rather a mess.So much of the first half is needless and doesn't advance the story, with Batman not needing the additional motivation and all the questions raised by people being forgotten when the punching begins. Everything Batman does in the first 2/3rds is pretty much irrelevant. There are giant plot holes. Massive really. You could conceivably cut the whole thing down to a sleek, concise, and driven 90-minutes. And, hilariously, in reaction to the response to the destruction of Metropolis, they lampshade the lack of bystanders in the area of the big fight not once, but three times.… Expand Très très mauvais. Comment ruiner un comic excellent (qui ne portait pas le nom ridicule de ce film) en 2h30 d'agonie visuelle et auditive.Un échec à tous les niveaux :- le rythme : c'est lent et très long. On s'ennuie au début, moins au milieu et à nouveau avant la fin.- la réalisation : catastrophique. Les scènes s'enchaînent mal, sont filmées sans aucune originalité. On voit tout venir dix ans à l'avance. Il faut à tout prix faire la promo des films suivants donc on coupe complètement le film pour montrer 2 teasers de Flash et Aquaman sans aucun talent. Il faut à tout prix créer des situations stupides et inextricables (on pensera fort à Loïs Lane et la lance en kryptonite).- le scénario : c'est très mauvais, très convenu.- les musiques : Thème de Wonderwoman La ligue de justice catastrophique. Thème de Lex Luthor nul.- la fidélité aux personnages. Lex Luthor est un clone raté du Joker et d'Enigma.- les dialogues sont très moyens. Deux répliques pas mal qui étaient dans la BA.- le jeu des acteurs est inexistant. Sans doute plus due à la réalisation qui préfère une suite de jolies images et en oublie qu'un film c'est aussi des dialogues.Pourvu que Zack Snyder ne soit pas confirmé pour la suite. Le problème est clairement à son niveau… Expand This movie confirms my fears- Zack Snyder has turned into Michael Bay, Jr.  Visuals to wow, no substance. The way he has treated these characters makes me fearful for what he is going to do to the Justice League. Please, Warner Bros., stopThis movie confirms my fears- Zack Snyder has turned into Michael Bay, Jr.  Visuals to wow, no substance. The way he has treated these characters makes me fearful for what he is going to do to the Justice League. Please, Warner Bros., stop this madness while you still can! #SnyderFreeJusticeLeague… Expand The unbelievable premise of pitting the caped crusader against the almost indestructible super god turns out to be the least of this movie’s problems. From its filmic origins as a campy, low budget, half hour television series of the sixtiesThe unbelievable premise of pitting the caped crusader against the almost indestructible super god turns out to be the least of this movie’s problems. From its filmic origins as a campy, low budget, half hour television series of the sixties that was full of fun villains, the Batman Franchise has come a long way. This, however, has to be the worst instalment since the character was re-imagined.Continuing with the dark themes, both literally and aesthetically, in stark contrast to the very colourful and cheesy TV entries for the Bat, or even the Christopher Reeve Superman incarnation of the 70’s and 80’s for that matter, the current look is the film’s biggest asset. It is without question the visuals in effects and Art-Direction that are its mainstay. Neither can salvage the mess (and I’m not talking about the destruction of the city) that purports to be a story and screenplay. Lines like ‘That means nothing’ or ‘It’s not clear what just happened’ succinctly encapsulate one’s understanding of indecipherable writing. The result is a disjointed behemoth of a movie costing millions that is boring, boring, boring!Those going to eyeball a lengthy and impressive dual between the two superheroes are sure going to be disappointed by the meow offered here in place of a roar!As has become common place now actors of repute like Holly Hunter, Diane Lane and Kevin Costner join up for the pay check, but add little to the end result. Only Jesse Eisenberg as the conniving Lex Luthor brings some colour to the dark, but even he struggles with the convolutions of the plot.The ending offers up a major surprise, but it also presents us with a moralistically phoney soliloquy about how wonderful the human race is. Please!!!A good tagline for this failed giant would be Boring v Confused.… Expand Tim Burton's Batman films were twisted sly fun; Christoper Nolan's were dark, engaging, visually stunning and very focused.  Zack Snyder's Batman (and Superman) films seem like they were written and directed by a 12 year old who obviouslyTim Burton's Batman films were twisted sly fun; Christoper Nolan's were dark, engaging, visually stunning and very focused.  Zack Snyder's Batman (and Superman) films seem like they were written and directed by a 12 year old who obviously loves comic books but doesn't have a clue how to put them to film.  Mishmash of story telling that takes a back seat to lots and lots of CGI that doesn't even look that technically excellent for such a big budget film   I skipped the reviews and social media until I saw the film so my opinion is my own and it happens to coincide with the consensus of critics.  Batman v Superman is not a good comic book superhero movie.  Nearly 3 years of incessant marketing hype about this movie that makes me feel cheated in 2-1//2 hours.  This film is not even remotely in the same league of excellence as The Dark Knight.  It truly is the most disappointing superhero film I have ever seen.  The long run time of films is generally not a problem for me if I am engaged in what is happening on the screen.  The most interesting part of my 2-1/2 hour experience was listening to a group of older teenage boys sitting in front of me rate Wonder Woman's overall body and specific parts, on a scale of 1 to 10.  Suffice it say, she scored very highly with these fans, but the movie not so much… Expand This thing is a monstrosity the likes of which I could never have predicted. Everyone who says that "haters" dislike the movie because it's not "funny" or "candy colored" are being disingenuous to the extreme. This movie is one of the worstThis thing is a monstrosity the likes of which I could never have predicted. Everyone who says that "haters" dislike the movie because it's not "funny" or "candy colored" are being disingenuous to the extreme. This movie is one of the worst written movies I've ever seen. The "ultimate edition" is the cut that I saw, and Superman doesn't appear as Superman until an hour into the film. Batman does not appear as Batman, save a one second scene in shadow, for at least an hour into the film. Superman has almost NO LINES in the entire film. Batman has very FEW lines in the entire film. So what is a Batman v. Superman film about, if it's not about Batman or Superman? Well, Lois Lane does a lot of investigating, and the entire plot is communicated through her. The film has almost no exposition, so the entire plot is revealed thorough scenes of people looking a things grimly. About 30% of this film is people staring into space, grimly, as the camera rolls.  Another 30 percent of the film is just scene of people in distress. Energy crews carting people off to the hospital. People laying in rubble. that kind of thing. People in rubble. People staring grimly. Lois Lane silently piecing things together. that's your film, ladies and gentlemen. It's really astonishing.… Expand The only moment of the film that felt 'human' was when Wonder Woman turns to Louis Lane after a certain thing happens, it was the one moment that was well acted. The rest of the film felt flat and monotone without a counterpoint, every character was brooding or crazy (even WW), there was no 'logic' to most of the story just excuses to get the two main characters annoyed at each other (which either character could have seen through if they spent 2 seconds thinking about it). Poor character development (everyone is the same as they started off, by the end they just want to form a team). Poor understanding of the characters (Batman using guns? the very thing that he never does, Batman doing plenty to killing to replace the killing of man of steel). Set work was boring, nothing really going on visually other than the main characters. The 'nightmare' scene makes no sense, why would Batman have a psychic vision? Overall rather than a rollercoaster of emotions this felt like sitting on a train, just going from one plot point to another, while it looks fun it gets boring quickly.… Expand The Good:Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot, Jeremy Irons, & Jesse EisenbergThe Score was great
Action scenes were great
The Bad:
The movie was a massive mess, there were transition to scenes that dealed with other subplots, it just popsThe Good:Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot, Jeremy Irons, & Jesse EisenbergThe Score was greatAction scenes were greatThe Bad:The movie was a massive mess, there were transition to scenes that dealed with other subplots, it just pops up and your confused on how you got thereMovie was overlong and bloatedLacks any sense of humor or fun(The final trailer was misleading)Some dialogue issuesSpends too much time setting up the DCU rather than being it's own movieDoomsday looks like Abomination from HulkThe movie refused to end(Like Return of the King)CGI is all over the placeThe Batman V Superman fight was 4 minutes tops and the reason for the end of the fight was stupidThe reason Superman wanted to fight Batman was stupidVerdict:Batman V Superman is a terrible entry in DC's new Cinematic Universe, it tends to rush to the Justice League movie and set up the spin-offs with some mixed results. Zack Snyder wastes the potential of the story with a variety of unnecessary subplots.Grade: 3/10 F… Expand I finally saw this movie and it was every bit as awful as I though it would be. Lets start with the good. It's beautiful. Alright moving along the dialogue in this movie in almost every scene is awful its like a child scripted it. Superman is a cardboard cutout. I gotta say I like the look and idea of the older Batman and Affleck does a good job but isn't as convincing at a beat up old batman as Bales last portrayal. This is storyline flaw not acting flaw. We should have seen him wearing thin in a backstory as opposed to another story of his beginnings (everyone knows how batmans parents died). Superman is a boring mopey goth kid and I never connected to him because of his 1 dimension. Wonder woman was awesome but random. I still don't understand why everyone is against superman...he was protecting the city from Zod? Would they have preferred Zod doing as he pleases? My single biggest plot issue is when Superman bends at the knee to a terrorist (Lex Luthor). Yes you read that right. Superman was originally created as a symbol of the american way seriously ...the irony being he's an alien, but all aspire to be good of person as this "man" who always has a grasp on his morals and his powers. But America does not negotiate with terrorists nor do we do what they tell us too...the thought that Superman would is stupid, really stupid. Oh so Superman can save Lois multiple times from around the world because he hears her but can't save his mom from being kidnapped...thats a serious inconsistency. Luther wasn't as annoying as I thought he would be but he also wasn't good. He will be forgotten. The problem with him and all of the main characters is they have no depth. A great villain with depth is Kingpin from the Daredevil series, he's incredible and as evil as he is you come to an understanding of his decisions because of how we are presented his story. Where none of these characters are given that depth. Bottom line this movie is one of the worst superhero movies Ive seen in a long time. Its not the actors fault, they did decently, but the writing and plot is awful, truly dumb.… Expand The 3 is for beautifull Gal Gadot, shes the sole reason I stayed in the cinema to the end of the movie. Shes really superhot. But then I could just spend that time to search her on redtube or something ;) Because rest of the movie was justThe 3 is for beautifull Gal Gadot, shes the sole reason I stayed in the cinema to the end of the movie. Shes really superhot. But then I could just spend that time to search her on redtube or something ;) Because rest of the movie was just ridiculous, boring, dragged piece of crap with lots of unimportand and just plain dumb things. Lex made Doomsday with his blood? WTF? And... wait what? Whats Doomsday doing in Batman vs Superman? I was hoping, that the main event will be Bat fighting Sup, not teaming up against Doomsday - this would be cool standalone story. They made Batman some really fcked up psycho who kills people without remorse, and inted to kill Sup just because MAYBE he can go nuts (thats how the Villians thinks in comics) and in the end he lets him live, because he mentioned his mothers name. W T F !And we are watching dream inside of a dream - this is Inception or what? Most of the dialogues was uninspired and plain boring. Just save Your time and go do something else. Anything will be fine. If You really have to go - focus on Gal, she really is wonder-woman :D P.S. There are hundreds of fake account ratings who give this crap scores 9-10. This movie really is bad, and this form of marketing just make me hate this even more… Expand ‘Batman v Superman’ ... v Fun? What an adversarial time this is. Hulk Hogan versus Gawker. “The People v. O. J. Simpson.” Bernie versus Hillary. Trump versus Everybody. And now Batman versus Superman. One of these things is not like the‘Batman v Superman’ ... v Fun? What an adversarial time this is. Hulk Hogan versus Gawker. “The People v. O. J. Simpson.” Bernie versus Hillary. Trump versus Everybody. And now Batman versus Superman. One of these things is not like the others, I know. Two of the most famous good guys in pop culture can’t really be enemies, can they? The Gotham Bat and the Man of Steel inhabit the same intellectual-property universe, and the fight between them is, depending on how you look at it, either a diabolical stunt cooked up by Lex Luthor or a cynical cash grab engineered by DC and Warner Brothers. Still, these two founding figures of the modern comic-book cosmos, whose paths have sometimes crossed over the years, display some potentially interesting contrasts of temperament and background. Superman is an immigrant, a working journalist, an idealist and a devoted participant in a long-running office romance. Batman is an alienated rich kid, a perpetual bachelor with a dark view of human nature. He has no natural ability to leap a tall building in a single bound, and so must rely on intelligence, ingenuity and a limitless fortune. In “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice,” when Clark Kent (Henry Cavill) looks at a television screen and sees a child trapped in a burning building halfway around the world, he strips down and flies away to rescue her. When Bruce Wayne (Ben Affleck) discovers sexual predators or human traffickers, he suits up and brands their flesh with his winged bat logo. A diverting entertainment might have been made about the rivalry between these two muscle-bound paladins — a bromance or a buddy comedy, an album of duets. “Batman v Superman,” directed by Zack Snyder (“300,” “Watchmen,” “Sucker Punch,” “Man of Steel”), is none of those things. It is about as diverting as having a porcelain sink broken over your head (one of the more amusing things that happens onscreen). In keeping with current business imperatives, what Mr. Snyder has concocted is less a free-standing film than the opening argument in a very long trial. Its two-and-a-half-hour running time — not so much a “dawn” as an entire morning spent watching the clock in anticipation of lunchtime — is peppered with teasers for coming sequels. You may have heard a rumor that Wonder Woman shows up, or caught sight of her in a trailer for the film. And here she is, played by Gal Gadot. The character arrives in full, vintage costume a bit late (we’ve seen her in evening wear already), in time to join the climactic battle, which features a giant anthropomorphic slime monster and is a sludgy, noisy, chaotic mess. Even more than what has come before. The studio has, in the usual way, begged and bullied critics not to reveal plot points, and I wouldn’t dream of denying you the thrill of discovering just how overstuffed and preposterous a movie narrative can be. So I won’t say anything about the trip Lois Lane (Amy Adams) takes to Washington, or about the senator from Kentucky (Holly Hunter) who holds hearings there, or about Lois and Clark’s boss (Laurence Fishburne), except insofar as I am glad to acknowledge the professionalism of the supporting cast. Jesse Eisenberg, as a tech-twerpy Lex Luthor, certainly earned some money. I’d prefer to talk about the images and — so help me — the Themes. Intellectual pretension, long an occupational hazard in the superhero business, has been elevated to a creative principle. Christopher Nolan is partly to blame. His “Dark Knight” entries in the Batman saga raised the genre’s allegorical stakes and dialed down the humor to an all-but-imperceptible whisper. Still, Mr. Nolan’s filmmaking skill — above all the coherence of his inky, cruel vision of Gotham City and environs — enabled those movies to carry at least some of their self-assigned thematic weight. Mr. Snyder, for his part, deploys signifiers of importance without having anything much to say. Yes, there is a lot of talk (mostly stuffed into poor Mr. Eisenberg’s mouth) about Good and Evil and God and Man, and there is also a lot of religious symbolism. (Note the crucifixes dotting the landscape near the end.) There are murky shadows and muddy nightscapes, all redolent not just of ordinary danger but of metaphysical darkness. There is Mr. Affleck’s existential brooding and the stoic dimple on Mr. Cavill’s chin. The rest of the population — or the digitally created simulacra thereof — is required only to die en masse, to cower in terror, and to watch in wide-eyed, worshipful gratitude. That is just what this movie expects of you: acquiescence. It wants you to believe that it’s on your side. Don’t be fooled!… Expand Nothing wrong with Ben as batman in the movie or Henry as superman but Ben isnt batman bring back Christian Bale he is perfect as batman also needs a new director as it was so boring the first hour of the movie was so bad then the second hourNothing wrong with Ben as batman in the movie or Henry as superman but Ben isnt batman bring back Christian Bale he is perfect as batman also needs a new director as it was so boring the first hour of the movie was so bad then the second hour it picked up but then went down hill again o and dont get me started on Lex Luthor he was more like the riddler soooo..... Bad :(… Expand This movie could've been decent but it came out as a downright terrible mess. I'm a huge fan of batman and superman, especially batman. The superman trilogy is amazing, the Christopher Nolan films are genre defining. But this Snyder....thingThis movie could've been decent but it came out as a downright terrible mess. I'm a huge fan of batman and superman, especially batman. The superman trilogy is amazing, the Christopher Nolan films are genre defining. But this Snyder....thing became 99% garbage and 1% of what you actually want to see. What I mean by that is there is less than 10 minutes of batman and superman brawling It out and the rest is just a 2 hour plot hole fest. Don't spend your hard earned money and your time that you will never get back on this piece of trash. Best use this movie this movie makes is some good toilet paper.… Expand Lex Luther would have beaten superman if he had gotten his import permit in a timely fashion. Super villains slaughter thousands, but importing a rock without a permit crosses the line.… Expand They crammed too much into a single movie. So events that really should have taken at least another movie to take place all took place in this single movie. They needed to build up the character so you actually cared about them. You needed toThey crammed too much into a single movie. So events that really should have taken at least another movie to take place all took place in this single movie. They needed to build up the character so you actually cared about them. You needed to care about Superman. The question I ask you is? Did you feel that Superman represented the best of humanity? Did you feel that Superman was humanity's hope? Did you feel his importance to humanity and earth? I am going to take a wild stab and say no, you did not feel any of that. You simply do not give a **** about Superman in this movie. The greedy execs at DC and Warner were so busy setting up future movies they completely messed up this movie. They wanted to roll in major money like the other comic family but somehow didn't care how bad their first step was going to be. The franchise is already crumbling and they haven't even started.… Expand Horrible editing and a plot full of holes, coupled with the worst depiction of Batman and worst treatment of Superman yet seen, AND the butchery of one of the most iconic comic arcs of all time by shoehorning it into the last 20 minutes ofHorrible editing and a plot full of holes, coupled with the worst depiction of Batman and worst treatment of Superman yet seen, AND the butchery of one of the most iconic comic arcs of all time by shoehorning it into the last 20 minutes of film are only the tip of the iceberg with this movie's problems. Legitimately one of the worst superhero treatments yet made, outclassed only by last year's Fant4stic and Joel Schumacher's Batman & Robin.… Expand Even the "dirctor's cut" is disjointed garbage.  Everyone is insipidly supid until the script depicts otherwise.  Zack is the Michael Bay of AAA movies, apparently.  Too many short-attnetion-span jevuiniles are attracted to this kind ofEven the "dirctor's cut" is disjointed garbage.  Everyone is insipidly supid until the script depicts otherwise.  Zack is the Michael Bay of AAA movies, apparently.  Too many short-attnetion-span jevuiniles are attracted to this kind of diatribe.  Good thing I rely on rentals, not cinema costs with the modern level of production values (regardless of costs).  Total garbage, with Batman killing endless criminals, and Superman being aloof until abosultely critical.  WonderWoman, Flash, and WonderWoman were nothing more than adverts for upcoming spin-offs.  Screw that.… Expand Can anyone tell me exactly what is the point or the real story of the movie? Okay, I understand from the title that it was going to be about Batman fighting Superman at some point, and there would be a form of catharsis. However, the scriptCan anyone tell me exactly what is the point or the real story of the movie? Okay, I understand from the title that it was going to be about Batman fighting Superman at some point, and there would be a form of catharsis. However, the script does not make any sense, what motivates any character is beyond my reach. As for Ben Afleck, he is totally outside of his environment of predilection, as such, he cannot do anything but outplay his character. What a waste. For the guy playing Superman, we have seen the previous instalments and they were poor, so no surprise here. Also, for the producers: a movie is NOT the place to test instagram filters! No, no, no! IF this is the only way to give some depth to your production, then you are SO wrong. The film industry is really sinking nowadays, even Adam Sandler's movies look great in comparison.… Expand Whoa...what happens? I have a high expectation for this movie and Zack Snyder totally destroyed it. This movie suffers from slow pace, incoherent story, lack of tension and terrible direction from Snyder. Ben Affleck has a great charisma asWhoa...what happens? I have a high expectation for this movie and Zack Snyder totally destroyed it. This movie suffers from slow pace, incoherent story, lack of tension and terrible direction from Snyder. Ben Affleck has a great charisma as The Caped Crusader, i can't wait for his another performance as Batman. Cavill was likable, Eisenberg and Gal Gadot totally stole the movie. Another bad thing in this movie was Doomsday, the character was poorly executed and his visual effects was bad. Oh yeah, the 2nd trailer already shows "everything" that gonna happens in this movie. A total drag and overlong movie… Expand One of the rare movies I walked out of.  Zack Synder still doesn't understand a movie must have good writing and character development.  This has neither just like all of his films.  What he does understand is how to make money with many ofOne of the rare movies I walked out of.  Zack Synder still doesn't understand a movie must have good writing and character development.  This has neither just like all of his films.  What he does understand is how to make money with many of the comic book fans.  It's just unfortunate that this shallow over-CGI-ed content is commonly liked by the new generation of movie goers.  Gone are the true story-telling epic movies that last forever.  Oh and by the way, Affleck didn't cut it for the role.  Although physique wasn't important, even that was CGI-ed for the workout scene.… Expand Well, this isn't good. The flaws far outweigh the qualities it has, and it feels like several stories are literally fighting to be told in the long run time. I was bored or turned off by bad performances for a large majority. JesseWell, this isn't good. The flaws far outweigh the qualities it has, and it feels like several stories are literally fighting to be told in the long run time. I was bored or turned off by bad performances for a large majority. Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor is easily one of the worst comic book movie villains we've ever had, to a point where I can't imagine a possible future Superman movie being at all watchable if he had any kind of important role to play in it. Henry Cavill is surprisingly wooden as Superman here (and has no distinction with his Clark Kent) and also still lacks any chemistry with Amy Adams, whose role as Lois Lane seems to be retained from Man of Steel as a forced love interest and sometimes plot device. Doomsday was terrible and even the climactic action loses steam when it becomes CGI pixels crashing into each other that you can hardly make out since it's not filmed well. Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman was passable (her acting hardly was, but the action worked) in her role, though with how small it is, I'd find it difficult to really screw up. I think Zack Snyder is often, if not always ambitious with his movies. He puts a lot on the plate, and introduces ideas and concepts that are interesting to think about, but he never actually makes you think. He never really fully explores things in his films for the most part, and it ends up creating this pretentious, false depth the taps on ideas but hardly goes further. Ben Affleck's Batman isn't the best, but he's good, interesting, and certainly put in effort. Jeremy Irons' Alfred was great and I'd even say he could've been around more. Overall, watching this felt more like a chore than anything.… Expand The movie, is really that bad. Batman marks for death people? Wonder woman is like black widow? Superman is a guy who thinks if batman is wrong? Oh my, the scenario is **** The reason the 2 fight is worthless. Lex is the same of a joker without make up. Come on...… Expand Man, this movie never stops to let the movie breathe and tell its story properly. You get a Bruce Wayne scene, then a Clark Kent scene, then a Lois Lane scene, then a Superman scene, then a Bruce Wayne scene, then a Lex Luthor scene, then a Senator Finch scene, then a Clark Kent scene, then a Lex Luthor scene, a Wonder Woman scene, a Batman scene, a Bruce Wayne scene, a Clark Kent scene, a Lois Lane scene...and all of these scenes are like, less than 3 minutes long.… Expand Bad movie. Very disappointed as a fan of the characters. I don't know why others keep defending this when it's that bad. The Arkham series of Batman games have much better stories than this. I hate to say this but, Superman Returns from 2006Bad movie. Very disappointed as a fan of the characters. I don't know why others keep defending this when it's that bad. The Arkham series of Batman games have much better stories than this. I hate to say this but, Superman Returns from 2006 is a lot more enjoyable than this. They messed up big time.… Expand It was a mess. Jumbled. First 60-80 min was a waste of time. The bullet subplot could easily be taken out. It served no purpose. As did Lex´s "dealing" with the senator. It was to discredit Superman ? Discredit him to what end ? At the end of the film none of it mattered . Why Lex needed permission to bring in kryptonite into the U.S was also totally stupid, and another huge waste of time. This is Lex Luthor. He would bring it in regardless. ILLEGALLY ? And why bring it inn by BOAT ? The slowest mode of transportation ? Some terrorists kill people in africa , and its Superman's fault ?? What is that ? And I thought this was Batman v Superman ? Not the people vs And the fact that Lex Luthor is the one who has all the info on the other Justice League members. Names them and gives them their Logos. Really ? That should be BATMAN !! He does that, NOT Lex......Come on. The dream, within a dream. Where Flash ( i guess ) warns Bruce. Was it real ? A dream ? I don´t know. It was sort of cool, but in a dream within a dream ? What ?? Gal Gadot's reason for being in the movie was razor thin , but I enjoyed WW when she joined in. The cave troll looked awful. You would think they could have made it look better since Fellowship of the Ring Jesse Eisenberg's Luthor is the worst . ding ding ding. Batfleck was the best the film had to offer. Cavill´s Superman has zero character development since MoS. He is still dependant on his mommy and daddy. All in all its a badly directed movie. Hack Snyder should be fired ASAP. Martha ? Really..... I hear the "ultimate cu" has a longer ending, and the one in the film already goes after Return of The Kings record for dragging out an ending so.... I wanted this too be good. I was bitterly disappointed. It has some cool moments, but overall it fails. And that ending ( which they only get to use once ) makes it a certainty that Justice League part 1 has to spend the whole movie bringing back one of the very few established characters they had. How is that a good thing ? If that ending was for Justice League part 2, I could understand it. Then they could do the Superman returns story as a stand alone film after JL part 2. That would make some sense. And since Darkseid is gonna be the baddie for JL that would also mean they could have given The Cave Troll his proper origin. Not that bullcrap this movie pulled during its last half hour. This film did not set the groundwork for future installments. It seriously damaged them. Its a freakin mess, and its DC fans that are complaining the loudest. For all Lex knew that creature could have turned out to be some braindead deformity . 3 feet tall, and with no powers at all. The first thing it did was try to kill Lex!! Good plan man. You're a genius !! And now Doomsday as a character has been wasted, and can't come back. NOTHING is supposed to kill this thing , and he lived for what ? 20 minutes, and now gone....... What a waste. Thanks a lot Hack.… Expand The movie visually looks good, maybe over the top at times esp the final battle. Love the trio of batman, supes & ww but hated lex lutor. Just can't take eisenberg seriously even when he's trying to be menacing. The pacing is just all overThe movie visually looks good, maybe over the top at times esp the final battle. Love the trio of batman, supes & ww but hated lex lutor. Just can't take eisenberg seriously even when he's trying to be menacing. The pacing is just all over the place & too much plot crammed up together the movie becomes incoherent.… Expand Character : Lois Lane is totally unnecessary. Batman use gunPlot : FAIL. NOBODY use the "special bullet" for secret mission.Action : b v s battle scene is just simple 10 minute "Kryptonitic" battle.Total : epic failure ever.… Expand Worst movie for a long time! The plot, story, acting, scenes are the so boring, giving more questions than answers and are a very weird cup of tee! Very boring with way to many explosions! Worthless dialog and no excitement what so ever!  SoWorst movie for a long time! The plot, story, acting, scenes are the so boring, giving more questions than answers and are a very weird cup of tee! Very boring with way to many explosions! Worthless dialog and no excitement what so ever!  So many scenes without any meaning in this movie, and they are to busy with cutting to a new meaningless scene.I really get the critics here! I really dont get why any one can give this a 10!Did they forgot their brain under their seat!?… Expand The day of ‘Batfleck’ has finally arrived, so let’s get this out of the way early: he’s not half bad as Batman. I was one of the doubters who groaned and complained when I heard Ben Affleck would be playing the caped crusader, but he has madeThe day of ‘Batfleck’ has finally arrived, so let’s get this out of the way early: he’s not half bad as Batman. I was one of the doubters who groaned and complained when I heard Ben Affleck would be playing the caped crusader, but he has made me eat my words. This isn’t to say the film is good (it isn’t), but Affleck is not the one who ruined it. I’m not sure whom to blame for this big, bloated mess that is “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice,” but let’s say I think the majority of the fault lies squarely on the shoulders of director Zack Snyder. No doubt Snyder is capable and talented, but here he shows zero technique — it’s as if he isn’t a fan of the material or even that he actively loathes the DC Comics characters. Talk about a complete waste of an awesome idea. The movie is awfully dark in both story and look. It’s not really something for kids either (half of the children in my sold out audience were audibly freaking out after the big end battle scene), and half the time I couldn’t see what the heck was going on because of all the brown and gold, muted cinematography. Everything was washed out, and I like to think of my larger-than-life superheroes as being bold and bright and colorful. It’s further burdened with ugly costumes, scene upon scene of animated crap, and the most anticlimactic action and fight scenes ever. The action pieces are as slow and boring as the entire pace of the movie, which clocks in at a draggy two and a half hour runtime. Snyder particularly stumbles in the final 20 minutes of the film. The convoluted story jumps around so much that it will make your head spin. There are a dozen different potential endings (“Oh, the film’s over now? Uh, guess not.”) that ramble on and on. It’s as if the film is comprised of a bunch of puzzle pieces that were dumped on the table and haphazardly stuck together in all the wrong places. None of the pieces fit together correctly and half of the story doesn’t make any sense. Even Wonder Woman (Gal Gadot) is given little to do. By the time she shows up to save the day (translation: to dine on the meager, leftover action scraps), I had already lost interest. Not everything is terrible, however, and I’ll give credit where credit is due. The movie starts off strong and builds momentum — for about the first 30 minutes. After that, it begins a gradual and then a drastically sharp decline. Thankfully the film is jam-packed with talented actors who make even the most unwatchable scenes watchable. The standouts are the reliable Amy Adams as Lois Lane, Jeremy Irons (Alfred) and Laurence Fishburne (Perry). Diane Lane, Scoot McNairy and Holly Hunter bring their A-game too — and balance out the completely wooden Henry Cavill as Superman (seriously, how did this guy get the job in the first place?). The dividing line as far as performances go will undoubtedly be Jesse Eisenberg (Lex Luthor). Eisenberg plays the famed villain with an amusing over-the-top, psychotically weird bravado. He thoroughly fills the void left by Michael Shannon as Zod — and we all know that Shannon is the undisputed master of the ‘playing to the balcony’ style of over-acting. There were two unintentionally funny moments too. Near the end, the characters discuss trying to put together a team to fight for justice. Rather than causing excitement, it made me feel a little embarrassed as I know I was witnessing the set-up of what will amount to nothing more than a low-rent version of the Avengers. Second, Aquaman shows up! His very brief cameo got a (deservedly) big laugh from my audience. I know my readers will see this movie regardless of any positive or negative reviews, but you’ve been warned. There’s nothing fun nor exciting nor spectacular about this unsatisfying film, and there should be. Instead, it is (sadly) a messy, boring yawn. A SCREEN ZEALOTS REVIEW… Expand I honestly can't understand why everyone is scoring this movie to high so much so that it made me think are these genuine reviews? Anyway upon reflection i really can't think what the actual plot of the movie was and i'm not sure what theI honestly can't understand why everyone is scoring this movie to high so much so that it made me think are these genuine reviews? Anyway upon reflection i really can't think what the actual plot of the movie was and i'm not sure what the motivations of the main characters are. The first 2/3rds of the film is slow and boring with no clear story to follow. The last third the film goes into over drive in the action department. Gone of the days when films had a compelling story and understandable character motives to follow. If you really love super hero movies maybe there is something here for you but otherwise this is a terrible movie one that will be watched once and be forgotten.… Expand Where do I start with this ditch hole of a movie . this movie is pure chaotic chaos of what it is suppose to be, but first lets get the only good things out of the way. Now the movies cinematography is very good for a super hero movie one ofWhere do I start with this ditch hole of a movie . this movie is pure chaotic chaos of what it is suppose to be, but first lets get the only good things out of the way. Now the movies cinematography is very good for a super hero movie one of the best considering this movie is 80% CGI. Zack snider knows how to direct CG environments very well and makes it all come together. The music is also very good. Batman does what we expect batman to do, Ben Affleck is the best batman so far. Alfred and Perry White in this movie are also really good characters with personality and actually look like they need to be in this movie. Okay now the bad stuff. This movie has so many characters the movie can do so good without them. superman has nothing to do but  people in this whole movie his character is boring, Clark Kent is also boring. Lois Lane is boring, Wonder woman this movie can do without. the senator is pointless since her motivation makes no difference. And Lex Luthor is in the wrong movie. Jesse Eisenburg is clearly doing a horrible job as Lex Luthor AND HIS ACTING IS VERY CRINGY. This movie is clearly trying to set up all other of the DCCU movies to come. For example the useless dream scene where batman goes into some sort of Earth 2 and it had the flying demons from Darksied's planet is completely out of place in this movie. 3 out of 10… Expand Remember the stories you came up with as a child when you played with your action figures? Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is no different than them. In fact, it's even worse because it doesn't have an inch of heart and enthusiasm. ItsRemember the stories you came up with as a child when you played with your action figures? Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is no different than them. In fact, it's even worse because it doesn't have an inch of heart and enthusiasm. Its script is an incoherent and depressing mess where the characters, if you can call them that, have no personalities, motivations and arcs. Batman is a moronic jerk who prefers to destroy stuff than being reasonable. Superman doesn't do much aside from looking sad. Wonder Woman is just there so Warner Bros can have more toys to sell. Lex Luthor is a spoiled brat with with way too much time on his hands. You could remove several sequences and it wouldn't make any difference. With the exception of Jesse Eisenberg, who was embarrassing to witness, the actors looked like they wanted to be anywhere else. I can't say I blame them. Not even the action scenes live up to the hype. They're awkwardly staged and sometimes it's hard to tell what's going on (the cinematography is too dark). The music is laughably overdramatic. It's sad how Warner Bros has been working with these characters for ages and can't make a competent crossover movie with them. I only rate 1/10 because I think Henry Cavill and Ben Affleck were the right actors in the wrong movie.… Expand I already wasted two and a half hours on this today so I'll keep this short. Its dull, boring, disjointed, the pacing and plot are all over the place. The writers, producers and director have ruined Superman and now Batman too. I weep for the Justice League, It's going to be awful. Lastly......Spoilers ahead.......... If you are going to kill a character off you have to make the audience care about them first.… Expand This movie is offensive for both general public and the fans. The movie is slow, beyond what I could describe. What should be the setup for the end is in fact a whole lot of nothing happening at all. And I mean that it is void of both actionThis movie is offensive for both general public and the fans. The movie is slow, beyond what I could describe. What should be the setup for the end is in fact a whole lot of nothing happening at all. And I mean that it is void of both action and emotion, it is just plain and simple 90 minutes or more of nothingness. I could probably have more fun with a blank screen. When the movie approaches the end you have lot of actiongasm that works for everyone but that is so artificial that you should better watch video game cinematics on youtube. Snyder managed to take away the soul of the Dark Knight comics in favor of a shallow fight and managed to completely waste Doomsday, I mean, Doomsday is only there as "geekgasm enhancer", like the Wonder Woman (to present her without a deep context is just so shallow it hurts). Overall this is what all this film was about, a lot of nothingness followed by shallowness, it completely fails as a movie and fails to please me as a fan, the only thing this movie is good for is to teach people nihilism or even make teenagers go to the church looking for god after such an empty experience.Seriously, do not waste your time watching this. But if you insist, sleep past the first two acts.One last thing... what is wrong with these people that they NEVER EVER get Lex Luthor right? I mean I like the actors and like their villains but that thing they do is not Lex Luthor.… Expand In Murderman vs hypocriteman we see how a brilliant man tries to stop this murders by doing overcomplicated schemes (no mister bond I don't expect you to die).In a specific scene we can se murderman trying to steal some property of thisIn Murderman vs hypocriteman we see how a brilliant man tries to stop this murders by doing overcomplicated schemes (no mister bond I don't expect you to die).In a specific scene we can se murderman trying to steal some property of this genius, in order to build... Well exactly the same thing that the young genius tries to build... But he does it murdering people. But hyppcriteman stops him and... Shake his head againts murderman because.... Well hypocriteman it's not precisely againts murder or property damage... But he is hypocrite enough to think that what murderman is doing is bad... Not too much... Just bad… Expand This movie has a multitude of problems, most notably is Warner Bros. attempt at catching up with Marvel in one fell swoop by having this movie needlessly set the stage for a multitude of movies to come. It's the same illness 2014's TheThis movie has a multitude of problems, most notably is Warner Bros. attempt at catching up with Marvel in one fell swoop by having this movie needlessly set the stage for a multitude of movies to come. It's the same illness 2014's The Amazing Spiderman 2 suffered from, so why didn't Warner Bros. learn from Sony's mistake? As for the cast, aside from Gadot's wooden performance and inability to pronounce words properly and Eisenberg's over the top ridiculous performance, I have no major complaints, Cavill and Affleck get the job done, the thing is, it's one thing to look and act the part but if the part you are playing isn't well written (I'm looking at you Goyer) it doesn't matter how good their performances are. Doing away with the fundamental aspects that make these two iconic superheroes of the DC universe who they are is (for me at least... IDK about the rest of you) what's most disheartening about this movie. Superman is a virtually indestructible being, and because of this, his compassion for humans and respect for the fragility of human life is what makes him who he is. These virtues were absent in Man of Steel and are again missing in BvS. He is portrayed as being burdened by humans, saving humans has become an everyday chore like doing the dishes, you don't want to do it but it has to be done. As for Batman, he is supposed to be continuously teetering on a precipice, the fear of crossing the line and becoming the very thing he is fighting against is the very essence of Batman. That essence is completely lost when you have him going around SNAPPING NECKS and BLOWING PEOPLE UP. His hypocrisy in this movie is undeniable, he sees Superman as a threat to humans but he doesn't seem to mind needlessly killing people himself. These aren't anti-heroes like The Punisher or Lobo, these are supposed to be HEROES!!! Contrary to most, I don't lay all of the blame on the director. Snyder has proven that he can be a good director in the past (Watchmen, Dawn of the Dead), just give him a decent story to direct and you will get a good movie out of him. However, I do find it funny how no one ever blames the writers for these turds, in this case, studio hack writer David S. Goyer. With the exception of Blade and Batman Begins, Goyer has never written anything (on his own) that surpassed a 5.6 rating on Imdb. Just look at his résumé... Death Warrant written by Goyer, 5.6/10 -- Kickboxer 2: The Road Back, written by Goyer, 4.4/10 -- The Crow: City of Angels, written by Goyer, 4.5/10 --  Nick Fury: Agent of Shield, written by Goyer, 3.7/10 -- The Unborn, written by Goyer, 4.8/10 -- Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance, story and screenplay by... you guessed it... Goyer, 4.3/10, and now he shares writing credits with Chris Terrio on BvS. What did Terrio do before BvS? Additional screenplay material for the movie Heights in 2005 and a screenplay for Argo in 2012. WOW! With writing expertise like this, what else would you expect? Snyder, Goyer and Terrio chose to cherry pick some of the best stuff from two of DC comics greatest works (The Dark Knight Returns and The Death of Superman) and merge them into one movie instead of adapting both movies onto the big screen separately. The result is a movie riddled with nostalgic moments guaranteed to give fans of the graphic novels a hard on but lacking any specific plot line, resulting in a two and a half hour long trailer for future movies. Warner Bros. have great writers who are already on their payroll and who do great work on their animated movies. So why can't they assemble a team with people like Paul Dini, Alan Burnett and Bob Goodman to write these live action movies instead of going back over and over again to a hack with a mediocre track record when it comes to writing movies without the help of someone like Chris Nolan? If anyone would like to watch a great movie with Superman and Batman, check out The Batman Superman Movie: World's Finest, Superman/Batman: Public Enemies, Superman/Batman: Apocalypse and Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 1 and 2, any one of those animated features are far superior in comparison to this crap. Warner Bros. you blew it big time.… Expand Where to begin. I have to ask myself who this movie was made for. The Trekies, the Harry Potter cult, the people who sleep on the side walk when a new I Phone is introduced ?  I went to the late Saturday night showing so the theater wasWhere to begin. I have to ask myself who this movie was made for. The Trekies, the Harry Potter cult, the people who sleep on the side walk when a new I Phone is introduced ?  I went to the late Saturday night showing so the theater was filled with harmless mutants wearing Superman and Batman gear. The talk in the lobby suggested these fans see the characters as REAL super heroes. O.K., they paid their $15. They're entitled. The film itself wasted a huge budget. The first 1/2 of the movie was somewhat confusing. The plot was made clear in the 2nd half. Cavill not the right guy for his part but Ben and Wonder Woman were just  right . The action scenes were over done.To wrap it up, if you are just as enthusiastic about comic book characters as you were as a kid, you will probably like it. If you enjoy some (a little) subtlety, you won't because the action scenes are over done. The same story with another director might have been better. As an aside, we went out for pizza before the movie and that was great… Expand We were not so over Batman after The Dark Knight Rises even though it had a perfect ending. That gave the edge to lingering Warner Bros to scope even more out of it. There practically was no reason for both of these power houses to go against each other but you know Zack Snyder, he tried to create one and this movie is all about his failure to do so. Movie has a beginning which is quite remarkable and thrilling, but that is all there was to offer, as the questions started to raise, movie started to drop. Bruce Wayne, who is known to be very controlled and logical person, forgets everything to raise an idiotic rage inside him against superman. Superman on the other hand for unknown reasons finds the work done by batman to be against law and prejudicial to his own judgement. And for these false alarms they turn against each for no good of the town. Meanwhile the real evil, Lex Luther, whom writers assumed everyone would be quite familiar with, is up for his own adventure cheating on government and audience with cheap technological advantage he creates a quite dark situation. As the movie movies moved towards it's climax, i realized it had been only 75 minutes into this movie which is said to have length of 150 minutes. Which simply meant I was only half way through. Roles in the movie are so vague and poorly drawn. Lois Lane has absolutely nothing to do in movie except wander in empty dark buildings for no reason. And the fact that Amy Adams was wrongly cast in a role which should have been gone to atleast 10 years younger and more cheerful actress. Amy is a great actress but she is way too strong and mature for the role against a decade younger actor. Wonder Woman could have been a pleasant addition , much like Catwoman in TDKR, but she was waste too. I wonder if they could have swapped Amy for wonder woman and Gal Gadot for Lois Lane. Ben Affleck is terrible as batman. Actor does not possessed the authority in his body language and voice to convince the audience. Henry Cavill, the soul of the movie, was not given much to do. The titular character was through out confused about the direction of the movie. One of the worst thing they did was the casting, ben affleck, gal gadot and jessie eisenberg were never good choices. They did cast Jeremy Irons and wrote his character more like Tony Stark, even his getup was reminiscent of Robert Downery Jr. Another below standard sequence was to add introduction of future spin off of lesser known characters. Before movie starts, Zack Snyder requests Fans to not give away the plot twists however he should have requested to not disclose Plot Holes which it had plenty. I went to be disappointed and still I was disappointed, that was the real disappointment.… Expand Most movies now tend to be either silly or boring.  This nonsense is both.  At the helm is a grip/choreographer (he's not a real director) who is by no means a gifted storyteller.  Another style over substance type so rampant in Hollywood, heMost movies now tend to be either silly or boring.  This nonsense is both.  At the helm is a grip/choreographer (he's not a real director) who is by no means a gifted storyteller.  Another style over substance type so rampant in Hollywood, he makes the amateur mistake of thinking message and allegory are more key than actual plot.Or let's face it, that's a lot easier to do.  Brooding, somber tone is another masquerade and here it's overkill to the point of near parody.  The narrative is such a mess, you forget why characters suddenly turn up where they do. Good actors no matter how well known make you believe in what they are doing on screen, and true movie stars have the power to make you like and care about them no matter what they are depicted doing.  Affleck does neither and never has.  Far from it, there is never a moment when you don't see him trying to act and it's an injustice that he has been allowed to continue on screen for as long as he has.  All he has going is a physical look for his age, and you know the trick photography/digital enhancement make him look in better shape than he is.  Cavill is physically very worthy and maybe will turn out a better actor than his co-star which would be no great feat, but here he is a non-presence.  He has zero personality, no sense of humor, and is utterly lackluster in the charisma department.  Maybe that's the point to playing a lonely alien?  No, remember it's a freaking superhero movie!The miscast nerdy boy actor Eisenberg is awful.  Some things just don't work when you go against type no matter how clever the makers think they are by spinning it that way, like a scrawny screechy adolescent geek playing the arch villain.  Adams is also miscast (was miscast in the piss poor "Man of Steel").  What the hell is the reasoning behind Lois Lane now resembling the red head Lana Lang of the comic book series?  It's just stupid and nonsensical!  They would try to object that she's worth it since she's so good an actress.  Right, literally a thousand other actresses could easily slip into this role.  Make that a thousand brunettes, out of which a hundred at least could act just as well as her in this one dimensional comic strip, and most off the SAG roster would be hotter to boot.  Not to mention Adams is too old for the part now.Gadot's introduction as Wonder Woman is handled fairly well initially though it comes out of nowhere.  She shows some promise, but as to her potential to really play a character and carry a story beyond what she is, a starlet just showing up, remains to be seen… After sitting through this debacle, I for one will not be finding out. So what's left after the mostly poor casting and the absurd premise to begin with?  Sheer near excruciating boredom since there is barely a coherent storyline other than the same old, same old genre tropes, loud incessant action (including a monster that has been in at least half a dozen other tent pole fantasies in recent years), and another formulaic story which by now is so ridiculously familiar that you really have to be from another planet or been living in a cave to be entertained by it all.  Maybe just dumb, or as many I believe are:  dishonest with themselves about how they really feel watching one of these things. Warner Bros and the people behind this do not deserve a break on their way to the bank.  They have severely damaged the DC Comics screen legacy.… Expand Batman V. Superman left me cold. I had never felt so joyless in for a film before. Despite the numerous problems with Man of Steel and some of the production problems I had high hopes for this film. It actually wasn't as bad as I thought itBatman V. Superman left me cold. I had never felt so joyless in for a film before. Despite the numerous problems with Man of Steel and some of the production problems I had high hopes for this film. It actually wasn't as bad as I thought it would be... It was worse. Not only did Zack Snyder learn nothing from the criticism people had with Man of Steel but he also added more problems. For starters there is no point to this film being in 3D. It added nothing to the experience and even gave me a headache with the excessive use of shaky cam. The shaky cam even gotten worse than it was at Man of Steel. The visuals are also tinted in an ugly grayish-brown kind of color which makes everything look drab and lifeless. Unfortuanlty the technicals are the least of this film's problems. The characters barely resemble their original comic counterparts. The Superman in this film is even more apathetic than in the previous film since he nonchalantly smashes through buildings and kills civillians in a careless manner. The film tries to display his actions as morally gray and tries to provoke questions about how super heroes will fit in a realistic situation. I appreciate the attempt to have this be an allegory for how Muslims are treated based n the violent acts of a few members of thier community. This allegorical approach could have had potential if it wasnt for the fact that Superman himself is partially responsible for the destruction in Metropolis. Amy Adams as Lois Lane has even less to do in this film than in the last. She is only present for no other reason than to start an investigation with an obvious answer and as someone for Superman to save. At first the film fools you into thinking that she has a place by achieving a krypotinite spear only to realize that she threw it in herself . Batman didn't fare much better as the caped crusader who was heavily established  to have a moral code against killing has no problem shooting people down with his batwing machine gun. It is a shame sense Ben Affleck does have a knowledge for the character and does bring a performance which is an improvement over Christian Bale's. Wonder Woman did have her moments but she barely had any presence in the film and her parts could have been cut from the film and it wouldn't have made a diffrence. The biggest misfire though is Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor. It seems that the Joker was originally supposed to be in this film and that his personality was merged with Luthor. His main motivation has a lack of focus and is so unclear that it becomes maddening. He was horribly miscast and would have played an excellent Jimmy Olsen if Snyder's idea of fun wasn't to kill off a beloved Superman Side character.  Snyder was the wrong pearson to lead the direction of the DC cinematic universe and the fact that it is confirmed that he would also direct the upcoming Justice League movie is very problematic. I still have hopes for Suicide Squad and the upcoming Wonder Woman movie.… Expand i didn´t like "man of steel" that much. it was too dark for a superman movie. it was without any humor. and the story was not told in a very elegant way. it was a mess. but THIS one is the bigger MESS! the story makes NO sense. for example:i didn´t like "man of steel" that much. it was too dark for a superman movie. it was without any humor. and the story was not told in a very elegant way. it was a mess. but THIS one is the bigger MESS! the story makes NO sense. for example: clark kent - a journalist- does NOT know one of the richest persons of the world BRUCE WAYNE..check the trailer. it´s already in the trailer. gotham city -all of a sudden- is directly next to metropolis. and there are even bigger and worse plotholes...but i don´t want to spoil. i watched that CGI-mess in vienna, apollo, IMAX. i liked ben affleck as batman. jeremy irons as alfred was great...the rest of the cast was ?confused?...i think most of the problems of this movie is zak snyders incompetent storytelling. i was soo hoping for this movie and was soo disappointed.… Expand The script for this movie was awful, the casting seemed wrong and this could be one of the worst superhero movies of all time.I realize that it is fictional, but the story had too many holes in it. Superman was wanted due to killing 1 terrorist that was holding a gun to their head. Batman wanted to build a weapon to prevent Superman from destroying the world. Batman killed 10-20 people trying to get the weapon, so I guess some lives are expendable. Some of Batman's fight scenes reminded me of a 1970's karate movie and were pathetic.The movie wasn't all bad, but I recommend waiting for it to come out on DVD.… Expand A loud pointless exercise of a film. There is not a single sensible or understand action taken by any of the characters in the movie. No motivation, no character arcs, just a boring first three quarters and a bombastic but ultimately vapidA loud pointless exercise of a film. There is not a single sensible or understand action taken by any of the characters in the movie. No motivation, no character arcs, just a boring first three quarters and a bombastic but ultimately vapid final act. Don't bother asking why the characters did what the did, there is no answer. The bigger question you will ask yourself after the film ends is why you wasted your time and money on this schlock.… Expand Wow. This might be the greatest film ever made. It's as refreshing as a cool summer breeze. It's as beautiful as Kristen Stewart's feet. It's like a cup of coffee at 4 in the morning, it keeps you going. You look at those Marvel movies andWow. This might be the greatest film ever made. It's as refreshing as a cool summer breeze. It's as beautiful as Kristen Stewart's feet. It's like a cup of coffee at 4 in the morning, it keeps you going. You look at those Marvel movies and you're like "What is this garbage? Is this a kids' movie? I want to kill myself." and then you look at this and you say "Bravo Snyder. You have truly elevated the genre.". This film is euphoric. Cavill and Affleck are magnificent, but the star of the film is Jesse Eisenberg, who gives one of the greatest performances of all time. It is truly a masterpiece. However Wonder Woman is played by a skeleton and for some reason Flash is Mexican, so I have to give it a 0/10.… Expand If I could go negative, believe I would. 0 just for the effort. You can completely predict every movement in the movie. What will happen, who would die, who would stay alive, and what's the next move. We have seen these cliches sinceIf I could go negative, believe I would. 0 just for the effort. You can completely predict every movement in the movie. What will happen, who would die, who would stay alive, and what's the next move. We have seen these cliches since childhood. Movie would make you question yourself: "Are you serious?"… Expand Horrible, first the movie should be called Batman and Superman to fight them because it does not take almost anything. The film looks good then who does not care about anything will love. boring plot, weak script, bland performances, poor dialogue, bad characterizations (say Lex Luthor), little creative director, information and very little development. The best part is Wonder Woman Gal Gadot and their fight scenes. Even the most respected actors like Ben and Amy leave much to be desired. Lex Jesse is more Curinga but was not his fault handed this role for him. Henry has a role at their level as an actor that is very low. If the DC and Warner hoping that Justice League is different (ie good) the best thing to do is replace the director as Zack Snyder is quite mediocre and only well-disposed people still think he can do a good job (maybe one day who knows? But I think not.… Expand Batman v Superman não passa de mais uma porcaria feita somente para o entretenimento dos fanáticos por super-heróis, é puro marketing falso, o filme é o trailer estendido por duas horas e meia e nada mais! Não é cativante, é previsível eBatman v Superman não passa de mais uma porcaria feita somente para o entretenimento dos fanáticos por super-heróis, é puro marketing falso, o filme é o trailer estendido por duas horas e meia e nada mais! Não é cativante, é previsível e chato.… Expand I wish this was handled differently. It takes all the negatives from the Man of Steel and multiplies it ten times over. I will say that Ben Affleck is the best looking live action Batman and Henry Cavill is the best looking Superman. BothI wish this was handled differently. It takes all the negatives from the Man of Steel and multiplies it ten times over. I will say that Ben Affleck is the best looking live action Batman and Henry Cavill is the best looking Superman. Both actors are wasted in this movie and truly deserve to be in a better film.… Expand No me gusto, a lo mejor se parece a los cómics. Pero yo no soy fanático de los cómics y para mi se me hizo muy pesada y lenta. Yo le voy a Superman, y en esta película Superman es una Burla. Lo hicieron muy bobo, tanto y demasiado moral.No me gusto, a lo mejor se parece a los cómics. Pero yo no soy fanático de los cómics y para mi se me hizo muy pesada y lenta. Yo le voy a Superman, y en esta película Superman es una Burla. Lo hicieron muy bobo, tanto y demasiado moral. Ahora el Batman, nada que ver con los otros Batman qué eh visto en las otras películas, llegó un punto de la película que ya no supe quien era quien (si era Batman o Iron Man)… Expand Movies such as 'Freddy V Jason" in the past has shown that movies in this genre can be good. They may not always be award winning, but done properly, they can be decent films to watch, a kind of fan service to the people who have made theirMovies such as 'Freddy V Jason" in the past has shown that movies in this genre can be good. They may not always be award winning, but done properly, they can be decent films to watch, a kind of fan service to the people who have made their franchises popular for years. Batman V Superman is slow, tedious and full of exposition. This isn't the way a super hero movie should be done. Super Hero shows, cartoons, movies and comics are supposed to be heavy on action and light on plot. I don't know what the writer(s) or producer(s) thought when making this movie, but a movie about Batman fighting Superman is boring. In what universe would this ever be acceptable? The movie is more about the politics surrounding heroes then the heroes themselves and that's just sad. Then there is the amount of messing around of classic cannon comic history they do that just ruins the movie even more. Back is the goofy voice for Batman when he is suited up, Lex looks like a fair skinned ginger in his late 20's and don't even get me started on Doomsday. This is all a huge joke and an insult to fans. I didn't pay to see this movie and I'm glad I didn't, I would have wanted a damn refund. If they managed to do a proper Deadpool film, why haven't they been able to do a proper Batman OR Superman movie in the last 3 decades?!… Expand Deranged sociopath Bruce Wayne, a man with so much money and power, murdering criminals can no longer quench his blood lust, sets the cornerstone for a new DC cinematic universe.   When Wayne, played by Ben Afleck, suffers a PTSD fueled break from reality, he sets his sights on the man of steel; presumably to punish him for actions superman takes during one of Wayne’s nightmares (or are they visions?!).    There was much concern, early in the films production that Ben Afleck wouldn’t be able to play, smartest man in the room, Batman.  This concern however was artfully dodged by making the world’s greatest detective, an easily manipulated, short sighted thug.These manipulations are carried out by the mysterious Alexander Luthor, a character so inscrutable, no one who has seen the movie can tell you exactly why he did anything, or why we should care one way or another about it.Oh yeah, and some other superheros show up, and one of them dies, but it’s no one anyone really cares about yet, I think his name was Superman.… Expand Whoever thought that Jesse Eisenberg would make a good Lex Luther had to be either on some really bad drugs or out of their friggin mind. I guess a third assumption could be that Jesse Eisenberg blackmailed someone, thus letting him portrayWhoever thought that Jesse Eisenberg would make a good Lex Luther had to be either on some really bad drugs or out of their friggin mind. I guess a third assumption could be that Jesse Eisenberg blackmailed someone, thus letting him portray one of Superman's ultimate villians. Jesse Eisenberg, as far as I'm concerned ruins the entire movie. Does this mean, Jesse Eisenberg will be casted as Lex Luther in future DC comic movies? If so, I will not watch any movie he is casted as Lex Luther, or any other role, for that matter. What were they thinking? Superman has never trusted Lex Luther in any other movie, comic, ect., therefore he would not have trusted him in this film. What a joke. This movie, overall is a slap in the face to die hard DC fans. Its a shame that Ben Afflecks wonderful performance as Batman/Bruce Wayne was squandered in this piece of sh!t movie.… Expand The opening scene showing the origin of Batman, and the scenes with Gal Gadot are the ONLY reasons to watch this movie. That opening scene was beautiful for all of its four or so minutes. As for Gal Gadot, I never even liked Wonder Woman, butThe opening scene showing the origin of Batman, and the scenes with Gal Gadot are the ONLY reasons to watch this movie. That opening scene was beautiful for all of its four or so minutes. As for Gal Gadot, I never even liked Wonder Woman, but Gal Gadot is great. She's got old world poise, she can act, she's sexy and vicious. And her costume is toned down rather than having the stupid bright colors I've seen in the comics. Who ever woulda' "thunk" that the one actor in the movie I've never heard of would be the one to carry it? Problem is. She's not in that much of it, so by and large the film falls flat. I would buy a DVD of just her scenes, but never of this entire bloated, choppy, unnecessarily complicated movie which uses too much sketchy shorthand to convey events, leaving the narrative broken, and which also for all of its two and a half hours barely bothers to convey any character. These guys are flat even for a superhero movie. I couldn't stand the Superman movie, so I turned it off before the climactic scene. So I didn't quite get the beginning of this film which takes place during that final battle from the Superman movie. As best as I can tell aliens invaded Earth (Kryptonians I think) and Superman fended them off. In the process people died; for some reason Batman blames Superman rather than the bad guys who attacked Earth. The reason he blames Superman is never explained. This short paragraph contains a MILD SPOILER. Nothing serious. Very mild. It would probably be in the trailer if it was interesting enough to be. Later, Louis Lane (who inexplicably does not have black hair) is captured by bad guys in the middle east. Other bad guys show up and kill them. Then Superman appears and rescues Louis. Here again, for some unknown reason the public blames Superman for killing people in this scenario, even though I only saw bad guys killed, and they were killed by bullets shot by the other bad guys. I saw no civilian casualties anywhere. If the idea of Superman being a threat were central to the plot, which it is, you think they would visually make the reason for this abundantly clear, but instead, we are left scratching our heads over how people could blame Superman for anything. But they do, and Batman decides he's going to battle Superman. Most of the above you can get from the trailers (and the title). I won't spoil what happens in the fight between the two of them, but it has to do with some utterly inexplicable nonsense involving Lex Luthor. The only good thing about the final battle is that Gal Gadot shows up. My recommendation: Wait until the movie is available for rental (and until the rental price goes down to a few bucks) and then rent it and fast forward to Gal Gadot's scenes. You might get 20 minutes or so. Not a lot but barely enough to make the rental worthwhile.… Expand Cant understand why people are defending this. Its a mess. Yet another batman origin story; unnecessary scenes trying to lay down connections to JL; awful villains; and the Martha thing.. ugh. I find it confusing people giving this a 10Cant understand why people are defending this. Its a mess. Yet another batman origin story; unnecessary scenes trying to lay down connections to JL; awful villains; and the Martha thing.. ugh. I find it confusing people giving this a 10 while still highlighting the fact it was poorly edited, poorly written, etc etc. Best bit is wonder women by a clear distance, but I have absolutely no faith in them being able to produce a decent  women women film. The Dark Knight is the gold standard, I think being I am being generous with a three for this.… Expand extended cut can't save that film. batman v superman is a disasterthe entire premise is flawed and they really can't save it in any way. it should never have been made. for such an implausible concept as 'superman actually fights batman properly' , they really need the entire movie to set it up, but instead they decided to use the entire movie to setup justice league and so the initial premise is left dangling. it's so weak it just totally collapses. when it comes to that fight, I just find myself wondering why the hell superman gives up so easily in asking for batmans help until right at the end when batman is about to kill him. it's like he doesn't even care about his mom at all. he just suddenly turns into a psychopath.Oh and somehow Lois has got super hearing now because she heard the name Martha before she was in earshot? batman is repeating "why did you say that name" for quite a while before Lois comes in "it's his mom" .. yeah... Lois, how in the HECK did you know to say that?!?!I don't blame Zak Snyder. I blame the bigwig producers and the writers.… Expand For every good aspect of BvS, there are two more awful aspects to counteract it. Despite excellent visuals and a few standout characters, the film suffers from an overstuffed plot, awful editing and very poor grasp of the source material. ItFor every good aspect of BvS, there are two more awful aspects to counteract it. Despite excellent visuals and a few standout characters, the film suffers from an overstuffed plot, awful editing and very poor grasp of the source material. It has an excellent score, but implements it awkwardly throughout many scenes. It has epic character moments brought down by gaping plot holes. It takes the first meeting between pop culture's two most iconic superheroes and squanders it with a story that comes across as bad fanfiction from an angst-ridden teenager. The amount of wasted potential here is truly astounding.… Expand The only good thing about this movie is the action scenes. Everything else sucks. The plot is a giant mess. The dialogue is often cringeworthy. The pacing is bad, especially near the end of the film where things happen at lightning speed.The only good thing about this movie is the action scenes. Everything else sucks. The plot is a giant mess. The dialogue is often cringeworthy. The pacing is bad, especially near the end of the film where things happen at lightning speed. The decisions of many characters make no sense.Jesse Eisenberg is horribly miscast as Lex Luthor, and the Wonder Woman chick can't act. This basically looks like a cheap action movie built solely to make money off the recent comic book movie craze.… Expand Only fanboys are here writing good thing about this movie. First, yes, I will do some spoilers.The movie is bad in all ways. Lex Luthor was horrible. Was more like Joker than Lex. Batman fight like an old bad fighter. Superman act like aOnly fanboys are here writing good thing about this movie. First, yes, I will do some spoilers.The movie is bad in all ways. Lex Luthor was horrible. Was more like Joker than Lex. Batman fight like an old bad fighter. Superman act like a child (also batman)... And the worst... WTF about the time to save Martha? Was like DBZ in nameko. So much bad effects, so much drama for nothing. Really bad movie.… Expand This movie is complete **** The script and the direction were pathetic and it sucks for the screenwriters because they wrote Argo. Zack Snyder once again ruined what could have been a great superhero movie. Jesse Eisenberg was annoying as Lex Luther and Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman was barely in the film. Henry Cavill did an ok job returning his role as Superman. Ben Affleck did do a good job as Batman though and his performance is what saved the movie. Everything else was average even the CGI. It's too bad that Ben Affleck was in another bad superhero movie, because he wanted to redeem himself from the atrocious Daredevil. Unfortunately, he got unlucky and it wasn't his fault.… Expand Such a bad movie.  Worst super hero movie I have ever seen. Acting was bland and dull, action was the only point of the movie.  Worst batman ever, I actually started disliking batman the character by the end.  He is literally the only batmanSuch a bad movie.  Worst super hero movie I have ever seen. Acting was bland and dull, action was the only point of the movie.  Worst batman ever, I actually started disliking batman the character by the end.  He is literally the only batman I could think of that I thought 'that guy needs to think things through a bit more'.  Batman is supposed to be a genius, not a complete idiot.… Expand The movie wasn't made for fans, its really unloyal to its source material, the essence of every character was changed (but superman but that doesn't mean it could save the movie). The most feared thing that was Ben Affleck has batman wasn'tThe movie wasn't made for fans, its really unloyal to its source material, the essence of every character was changed (but superman but that doesn't mean it could save the movie). The most feared thing that was Ben Affleck has batman wasn't by far one of the bad things in the movie, he acted nice, but he did a nice job in a horrible movie... With no spoilers in my review i must say that if you truly are a fan of super hero movies, don't expend your money with this, even more if you are a die hard fan of batman which was written in a completely inaccurate way, considering its source material and character essence. And i didn't even wanted to comment about the ridiculous riddler/joker/facebook boy luthor with suicidal tendencies and daddy issues, but it got me so pissed...… Expand I can't give this movie a good review, on one hand, I like it a lot more than Man of Steel. Mostly due to Batman, Wonder Woman and Alfred. Things like jesse eisenberg almost single handedly ruined the movie for me. I like and hate more of it,I can't give this movie a good review, on one hand, I like it a lot more than Man of Steel. Mostly due to Batman, Wonder Woman and Alfred. Things like jesse eisenberg almost single handedly ruined the movie for me. I like and hate more of it, the hate really ruins it for me. In addition to this a lot of it is assumed or non nonsensical story telling. It deserved better.… Expand I agree with Mel Gibson, this move is complete garbage. A waste of money and time. A horrible mishmash of incoherent drivel. One of the greatest opportunities in superhero cinema totally squandered away in a nonsensical plot and skewedI agree with Mel Gibson, this move is complete garbage. A waste of money and time. A horrible mishmash of incoherent drivel. One of the greatest opportunities in superhero cinema totally squandered away in a nonsensical plot and skewed character dynamics. I think when you have the chance to have two of the biggest and best superheroes ever in the same movie like Batman and Superman and be able to pit them against each other, I don't know why you bother to go further than that. That in itself makes for a potentially legit movie. Instead we have a half baked attempt at blockbusting. Lots of expensive flash and bang with no substance. A host of dazzling characters, but no heart or humanity to any of them. A long looping plot with bizarre and abrupt changes with no motivation or common sense behind them. That Batman warehouse fight scene was crazy cool, but that is about it. There is a reason why after this Ben demanded complete control of his own stand alone Batman reboot. This was a shameful flop, not worth money.… Expand Batman v Idiot Najnowszy film Zacka Snydera nie odbiega jakością od jego poprzednich. Kompletne nie zrozumienie postaci, ogromne luki w scenariuszu i beznadziejne dialogi. To wszystko składa się na gówno jakim jest Batman v Superman.Batman v Idiot Najnowszy film Zacka Snydera nie odbiega jakością od jego poprzednich. Kompletne nie zrozumienie postaci, ogromne luki w scenariuszu i beznadziejne dialogi. To wszystko składa się na gówno jakim jest Batman v Superman. Plusy? Walka Batmana z Supermenem wyglądała super, no i oczywiście zdjęcia są świetne. Szkoda tylko, że kompletnie nie pasują do całości. A mogło być tak pięknie...… Expand THIS MOVE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKS pros Batman is good, he's okay.Fighting scenes are good cons tons of expositionfinal battle barely lasts 10 minutesIT ENDS BECAUSE BATMAN CRIED WHEN HE HEARD MARTHA??! WHATTTT!?:!?! this movie gets 2 only for the fighting scenes, 0 otherwise… Expand Really hard to watch. The cinematography was wonderful. However, the script had no points of relief. I'm not asking for Marvel style quips to relieve the building seriousness. I need something to keep me from leaving the theater without aReally hard to watch. The cinematography was wonderful. However, the script had no points of relief. I'm not asking for Marvel style quips to relieve the building seriousness. I need something to keep me from leaving the theater without a knots in my stomach.… Expand Unfortunately for the real fans, Batman v Superman is a bad movie simply because the director Sack Snyder and writer David Goyer didn’t understand the real motivations of the main characters. Batman doesn’t kill and Superman is a symbol of hope. Simple but complicated. And I ask you the next question: If Batman is able and wants to kill Superman because he is a threat for humanity, and considering that the Joker killed a Robin (Jason Todd) and the time Batman was working in Gotham, then why is Joker still alive? It doesn’t have any sense.… Expand I opted out of seeing this at the theater, I’m not the biggest fan of Man of Steel and by not the biggest fan I mean I thought it was a wretched piece of **** So wanting to see Zack Snyder’s follow up wasn’t high on my list of priorities.I opted out of seeing this at the theater, I’m not the biggest fan of Man of Steel and by not the biggest fan I mean I thought it was a wretched piece of **** So wanting to see Zack Snyder’s follow up wasn’t high on my list of priorities. But after the success of Deadpool and the sinking ticket sales of BvS, they announced a new cut of the film. One with an R rating and like 30 more minutes added to it. Because the main complaint people had was this thing wasn’t dark enough or long enough. But if I was going to see this, I wanted it to be as close to the director’s original vision as possible, even if it is boring, joyless, depressing and meandering. And oh boy is it all of those things. There’s so much wrong with this film that it needs to be studied in film class. But oddly enough, I can see how fans could easily overlook the severe and glaring issues. The film isn’t unwatchable. It’s borderline incompetent sure, bloated as all hell and gloomy as **** But it is not unwatchable. It was a chore to sit through, now sitting at a 3 hour runtime. But still, I wasn’t angry after seeing it. Like the film, I was pretty emotionless while watching it. As soon as it was over, I just felt, yup, that’s a thing I watched. Off to bed. One thing that’s absolutely painfully obvious is, Zack Snyder hates Superman. It’s clear he really doesn’t want anything to do with him, he’d much rather be spearheading the new Batman reboot. And with his style, that’s what he is better suited for. Who the hell thought the guy who did Watchmen would be perfect for a film franchise like Superman? Zack Snyder basically turned Superman into Batman anyway. He darkened the suit, so it’s basically black, he made him depressed about his dead parents… He didn’t make Superman, he made Batman again who can now fly. But I’m not even sure I can blame Zack Snyder for that. Batman is the only successful franchise they have. They being DC. DC wants a Justice League movie so bad. The only reason Marvel was able to pull off an Avengers film is because they worked up to it. They took their time to introduce those characters. They didn’t just dump a bunch of them together and expect you to automatically know their backstory. This is a film fans have been waiting for for years. And this is the best they could do? This is the best they had to offer? Seriously? Call it bad choice for a director or too much studio interference, or the fact DC is playing catchup with Marvel, I don’t know. But this film was a giant disappointment. A borderline disaster. But, I am looking forward to more Ben Affleck as Batman, which I think was the only takeaway from this film. Maybe when Superman returns, he’ll be on his antidepressants and we can get an actual Superman movie. Fingers crossed. - Captain Peachfuzz… Expand The most anticipated movie of the year has currently turned into one of the worst movie of the year for me. I wasn't really expecting much from a movie called "Batman V Superman" but I was expecting something. The biggest problem I have is the plot. The plot doesn't know when to stick with something or when it should drop something. It feels like I'm watching multiple episodes of a Superman TV show with the odd cut to Batman. I literally couldn't keep a straight face while watching this movie, I was laughing through it. I kept on thinking of the Room when I was watching this because there are so many scenes that go nowhere. The movie is 2 hours 30 mins and for about 2 hours it's trying to get us to understand this story and get immersed in it and they only got me immersed in this plot line was in the 1 hour 50 mins mark. I was only starting to get immersed in it as they were busy cutting it off. I'm still questioning a few of the scenes that were in this movie as well. There's a scene when Superman is talking to Lois while she's in the bathtub for some reason. There's this whole story where it's supposed to show that the public are starting to fear Superman because they're not sure how they can control a God but that didn't seem to go anywhere and it was also cut off around the point I was getting immersed in it and for the rest of the movie, it felt like it had been completely forgotten. So the majority of the film feels like it was a complete waste of time and felt like it went nowhere or if it was intending to go somewhere, I fail to see where it was going. However, I have a different opinion of the last 40 mins of the film. This is where I'm going to get into spoiler territory. The actual fight between Batman and Superman only lasts 5 mins and it happens as the film is nearing it's 2 hour mark. The fight was well staged however and it was well thought out. Batman defeats Superman by using kryptonite weapons to bring Superman down to Batman's ability and Batman brings him down from there. That was an intelligent way for that fight to go. However just as Batman is about to kill Superman, he finds out Superman's mother has the same first name as his so they decide to work together to bring down Lex Luthor. Yes that's the actual reason Batman and Superman team up. Their mother has the same first name. I'm not joking. It isn't the same mother or anything, it's just that their mother has the same first name. That's one of the stupidest reasons I've heard for someone wanting to be my friend. "Hey, we have the same amount of armpit hair, want to be friends?" Then they go on this mission to stop Lex Luthor and save Superman's mother. They save the mother successfully however, Lex Luthor has unleashed Doomsday upon Batman and Superman and they learn he can only be stopped by kryptonite. The only kryptonite weapon Batman has left is a spear, which left in Gotham. Superman goes back to Gotham, saves Louis again (because obviously we haven't see that enough times), takes the kryptonite spear stabs Doomsday killing Doomsday and then Superman dies. I wasn't entirely sure why Superman died. He wasn't hit by the kryptonite (Batman scraped him across the cheek with it and he didn't die then) he was just near it. Superman has a funeral and obviously they had to leave it open for a sequel so Batman says to Wonder Woman "Get the others ready" Wonder woman responds with "how do you know something else will happen?" Batman says "I have a feeling." That segment of dialogue gets my "dreaming of the money" award, when a writer was too busy thinking of the amount of money he was going to be paid for something, he forgot he still had to write a piece of dialogue that was good. That was me just explaining the last half hour of this movie and it's the most exhausting thing I've ever had to type up. It was like that for the whole 2 hours and 30 mins and I can't think of any better way to explain it than to type up a segment of the film, which I've just done. If you're going there to see action then you aren't going to be disappointed, but for people like me that aren't satisfied with just seeing action and want something more from the films you see, this is definitely a skip.… Expand this movie was more talk than action, everybody got confuse with the girl because she came out of no were plus superman die marvel stop making movies pleases.… Expand DC still figuring out how to make Superhero movies, but they are getting better. Maybe I've just been spoiled by marvel. Marvel seems to have these kinds of movies pretty figured out. Making a good superhero movie is pretty difficult if I do say so myself. You have to make it a little light heated and goofy, but also know when to take yourself seriously. If you go too goofy, then the movie just comes off as goofy. If you try to make it too serious and gritty you get... this. You also have to take the comic material and stay true to it, while also making it accessible so that a wider audience can enjoy it while still appealing to the comic fans. I don't know much about comics but they seemed to get a lot of that stuff right. -First two acts are pretty slow and we see stuff that we've seen before. (The movie literally starts with a different perspective on the climax of Man of Steel.) Third act is one big action sequence that, while entertaining, doesn't seem to take a break. -Couple of pretty pointless nightmare sequences and really loud jump-scare about halfway through (don't know if it was just the theater I saw it at or what.) -They very vaguely hint at other DC superheroes. (The Flash, Wonderwoman, Aquaman, I forget the rest) but don't give much substance on them outside of batman looking at files on them. It's painfully obvious that they're trying to play catch up to Marvel at this point. Wonderwoman also comes in at the very end of the movie with almost no buildup/exposition as to why she's there. -Too heavy handed on the 'Superman is Jesus' theme they established in Man of Steel. MoS handled this nicely. It made its point without getting in the way of their own story too much, and I understand if they want to try something different with superman and put in a little symbolism. But this movie is becomes a bit too noticeable and kind of bothersome. +Lex Luthor was pretty much the only enjoyable character. He didn't get as much screen time as I would have liked. He seemed to stutter a lot and was really awkward and 'twitchy' is a good way of putting it, but he was also an intimidating villain. He was the only one who actually felt like a comic book character and I wish they would have spent some time on HIS backstory rather than Batman's. I'm really glad they set him up for appearing in more movies, so there is hope for the future with these movies... +The actual fight of Superman and Batman (the ratings trap this movie was sold on) was pretty intense and well done. It almost feels like a letdown when Doomsday shows up and the heroes begin to team up. But the more I think about it, this movie didn't need doomsday. Lex Luthor getting batman and superman to fight one another was a good enough plot setup and it didn't need Doomsday to up the ante.… Expand Batman vs Superman is and incoherent mess without any concern for realistic character motivations or competent plot progression.  Scenes just sort of run into each other without any concern for pacing or logic.  As the climax builds we areBatman vs Superman is and incoherent mess without any concern for realistic character motivations or competent plot progression.  Scenes just sort of run into each other without any concern for pacing or logic.  As the climax builds we are treated to a sudden pacing shift as a character checks their email, in order to show the audience the teasers for the upcoming DC movies.  Other times events happen only because they have to happen for the story to continue, there isn't any attempt to create an actual movie during all the noise and lights that are thrown at the scene. There are multiple "plots" that are weaved together with all of the care of a bull trying to knit a sweater.  As a movie it fails on so many levels that I am not sure if it technically qualifies as a movie. However, this could be excused as long as it made half an attempt to be an authentic Batman or Superman movie.  But, as a live long DC comicbook fan this movie is everything I never wanted in a film.  None of the characters in any way resemble their print counterparts.  I even accept the need and benefit of artistic license when making a movie, but this deviates so fundamentally that the source material that I am not sure if it qualifies as movie for its headlining characters. The only redeeming features of this movie is that the cast itself is solid despite the best efforts of Zack Snyder.… Expand Let me begin by saying I am a HUGE DC fan and have loved Batman and Superman ever since I was a little kid. The good about this film is in ben Affleck and Gal Gadot. Can't wait to see more of them. The bad is everything else. The film isLet me begin by saying I am a HUGE DC fan and have loved Batman and Superman ever since I was a little kid. The good about this film is in ben Affleck and Gal Gadot. Can't wait to see more of them. The bad is everything else. The film is joyless and uninspired. Superman is supposed to represent the best of humanity...instead this Superman mopes around and is slightly unhinged. Lex Luthor is the "anchor" that sinks this film also. The move's plot makes no sense and the character motivations are not there. Don't reward this film or this studio for a BAD film. DC fans deserve better!!!… Expand Honestly, Batman Vs Superman: Dawn of Justice  was disappointing. The story a had major problems it  was all over the place. Too many things happening at once was the issue. The problem with Zack Synder is that he cant balance out visuals andHonestly, Batman Vs Superman: Dawn of Justice  was disappointing. The story a had major problems it  was all over the place. Too many things happening at once was the issue. The problem with Zack Synder is that he cant balance out visuals and rich storyline. One thing for sure was the visuals were amazing in this movie. Ben affleck is amazing in this movie and so was henry cavill. though there wasnt much of Batman vs Superman it was more of the dawn of Justice part of the movie.… Expand Ranking this piece of garbage with every movie I have watched, from beginning to end, in the last 5 years, and I think Batman V Superman comes very close to dead last.  IT IS TERRIBLE. It felt like they were taking extra plots lines,Ranking this piece of garbage with every movie I have watched, from beginning to end, in the last 5 years, and I think Batman V Superman comes very close to dead last.  IT IS TERRIBLE. It felt like they were taking extra plots lines, characters and opportunities for spin-offs and just cramming them into one overblown pile of a movie. The action was as overdone as a Transformers movie and the dialogue came off as an afterthought to another CGI mess in the Zach Snyder collection of trash. I grew up a Batman fan. I've actually spent years of my life reading the Batman comic series. I love Frank Miller, Jeph Loeb and other great Batman writers so it's not that I don't understand the comic book culture (which shouldn't be a prerequisite for a block buster film). Maybe it's DC trying to catch up to the interconnected universe of films that Marvel has been creating for the last 5-10 years (which also aren't very good)? Maybe it's Zach Snyder being an awful director? Or maybe it's just the fact that with a title like Batman V Superman you can put any pile of **** on the screen and people are going to go see it? Well it worked on me, but man I should have trusted my gut. Zach Snyder? Ben Affleck as Batman? Those were huge red flags, and like so many other movie goers I bought my $10 ticket at the fancy theater that allows you to buy booze, thank God, and contributed to further creating piles of garbage like this. Oh well, at least I can say that I have a new personal worst movie of all time.… Expand A total mix up of story, pretty much screwing the dark knight trilogy, under parr CGI, terrible introduction of characters, great fight scene but terrible ending, LOADS of plot holes.This is Batman V Superman.Not good enough for a $250A total mix up of story, pretty much screwing the dark knight trilogy, under parr CGI, terrible introduction of characters, great fight scene but terrible ending, LOADS of plot holes.This is Batman V Superman.Not good enough for a $250 million dollar budget.Not good enough for DC.… Expand I've only seen this film once; but it's enough to realize how much of a disappointment Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was. It starts out brilliantly and very compelling. As soon as the climax makes it's appearence, the film disintegratesI've only seen this film once; but it's enough to realize how much of a disappointment Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice was. It starts out brilliantly and very compelling. As soon as the climax makes it's appearence, the film disintegrates like it was blown out of a fire. It's lazy writing is a huge example of that; it doesnt't have a balanced storyline. Lets just say that the entire movie was a setup for a sequel -- that's how bad the writing was. The film does have some positive factors. Ben Affleck portrayal as Bruce Wayne/Batman was excellent. He truely demonstrated that his Daredevil performance has been forgotten and demolished. Henry Cavill as Clark Kent/Superman was fine. Gal Gadot as Diana Prince/Wonder Woman was fine. This is a good-looking film; but not a good film in general. Rating: 3/10 A+ = 10A = 9A- = 8B+ = 7B = 6B- = 5C+ = 4C = 3C- = 2.5D+ = 2D = 1.5D- = 1F = 0… Expand I can't believe I agree with the professional "critics" for once. This movie is a piece of **** The Dark Knight trilogy set a high standard and this movie fails to meet any of it: horrible acting, horrible writing, horrible directing,I can't believe I agree with the professional "critics" for once. This movie is a piece of **** The Dark Knight trilogy set a high standard and this movie fails to meet any of it: horrible acting, horrible writing, horrible directing, horrible dialogue.… Expand Terrible terrible film. The fanboys can try to claim this movie is misunderstood and too complex for the majority but the cold hard truth is it's just a bad film. There is no way this film deserves anything more than a 5. Fanboys keepTerrible terrible film. The fanboys can try to claim this movie is misunderstood and too complex for the majority but the cold hard truth is it's just a bad film. There is no way this film deserves anything more than a 5. Fanboys keep comparing this film to Marvel saying people don't like it because it's not kiddie. No people don't like it because it's a complete waste of time. Furthermore I don't get this rhetoric of Marvel being kiddie. The only reason DC seems darker is because the only successful film franchise they have revolves around their darkest hero, that being Batman. Had they had a Green Lantern, Flash etc franchise it would not be nearly as dark. The majority of DC cartoons have catered to younger audiences. All the current DC tv shows on television are light hearted and cater to teenagers (Flash, Supergirl, Arrow) and the darkest comic book show on the tele is currently Daredevil. So this arguement of DC being dark needs to stop. Apparently people are confusing them with Dark Horse. DC has never been dark, Batman is dark. There's a difference. But back to this film everyone on full damage control giving this film 10s should be ashamed of themselves.… Expand I went even with bad reviews, because I love Superman.  However, with an open mind I still found Ben Affleck's acting boring as hell!  PLAIN AWFUL!  Who in the hell thought he was good enough to play batman?  Henry Cavill is still eye candyI went even with bad reviews, because I love Superman.  However, with an open mind I still found Ben Affleck's acting boring as hell!  PLAIN AWFUL!  Who in the hell thought he was good enough to play batman?  Henry Cavill is still eye candy and the best superman, next to Christopher Reeve.  Wonder Woman was okay, but hell!  Could they have not brought in Lynda Carter.  She is still the sexiest wonder woman.  This move sucked and really put a damper of my impression on what they will be able to accomplish with "SUPERFRIENDS"!… Expand Wow just wpw i was expecting a huge battle between  batman and superman and this is what we got a two hour long, boring, messy and so overrated i did not liked it i tried to liked it i felt like i was playing a batman akrham  video gameWow just wpw i was expecting a huge battle between  batman and superman and this is what we got a two hour long, boring, messy and so overrated i did not liked it i tried to liked it i felt like i was playing a batman akrham  video game instead of watching a movie if you wanna watch a real movie watch deadpool or captain  america  civil  war  just stay away from this movie it will make you hate zack synder more and more and more.… Expand This gets a 2 out of 10 because of Ben Affleck and Wonder Woman. Ben's Bruce Wayne is the star of this movie and who i feel like the audience will side with. Batman himself, not so much. He is not the Batman that i know from the comics, TV,This gets a 2 out of 10 because of Ben Affleck and Wonder Woman. Ben's Bruce Wayne is the star of this movie and who i feel like the audience will side with. Batman himself, not so much. He is not the Batman that i know from the comics, TV, Nolan movie, and video games. Superman is all doom and gloom in this movie. Wonder Woman is fun is this movie. If you just completely take out Superman and all the characters related to him, this movie is probably a solid 5 or 6. Marvel's Civil War is a far superior film.… Expand Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is overlong, messy, incoherent and overly dark. There is fun to be had here, though... After all, it does feature a scene with Batman smashing a toilet over Superman's head. But pushing (more like ramming)Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is overlong, messy, incoherent and overly dark. There is fun to be had here, though... After all, it does feature a scene with Batman smashing a toilet over Superman's head. But pushing (more like ramming) the Justice League into this film combined with a climax that does not fit the film's prior tone ultimately scuppers most of the good stuff. Ah... A disappointing effort.… Expand While the extended BR release might have the content needed to make sense of the the plot unfortunately  the cinematic cut is a right incoherent mess that's oddly edited and has some frankly appalling acting. (a strangely bad performance fromWhile the extended BR release might have the content needed to make sense of the the plot unfortunately  the cinematic cut is a right incoherent mess that's oddly edited and has some frankly appalling acting. (a strangely bad performance from  Jesse Eisenberg which can only really be put down to his performance being guided by the director in that way. )… Expand All the money can't buy style nor substance.  Wanted to give a score of 1.  But Metacritic forced us to write at least 150chars, so gave a zero.  Glad to not have paid for this film, and borrowed from friends who gave her copy away for x'mas.All the money can't buy style nor substance.  Wanted to give a score of 1.  But Metacritic forced us to write at least 150chars, so gave a zero.  Glad to not have paid for this film, and borrowed from friends who gave her copy away for x'mas.  She must be relieved.… Expand I did not enjoy this movie. My biggest problem with it is that there are entire sequences where Batman mopes like some emo teenager. I am afraid that DC is taking a step backwards here, and that I will from now on ignore DC films as part of my boycott of the "remake industry".… Expand I counted 35 plotholes in this **** movie, how someone gives it more than 5 is terrible. Either those people are fanboys or they are retards, I never thought I'd say I hope they are the first option. The main fight didn't need to exist, absurd coincidences happen, Superman didn't even need to die. I would stay here one years listing all the flaws.… Expand Batmans fighting in the builing at the docks are the coolest part. But the rest of the movie though... JESSIE Luthor... Worst framing-plot ever... CGI-batmobile in the one scene it gets used... Unoriginal ending... Too long, and Extended cutBatmans fighting in the builing at the docks are the coolest part. But the rest of the movie though... JESSIE Luthor... Worst framing-plot ever... CGI-batmobile in the one scene it gets used... Unoriginal ending... Too long, and Extended cut drags even more... The ultimate cinematic dissapointment of 2016.… Expand One of the worst movies ever...And I'm not speaking only as a cinephile, but also as a long time comics lover. Seriously, it's not year 1992. At DC they must have been drunk to release this piece of junk. First of all the screenplay is soOne of the worst movies ever...And I'm not speaking only as a cinephile, but also as a long time comics lover. Seriously, it's not year 1992. At DC they must have been drunk to release this piece of junk. First of all the screenplay is so badly written, my 4 years old niece could have done a better job. It seems like they have no other option than showing the death of BruceWayne's parents again and again. Every time slightly different. And him falling into the damn pit. All the great work they did with the Dark Knight trilogy has vanished! Gone forever. Forgotten. I was wishing they were planning to add some interesting facets to Superman and Wonder Woman, to save them (and me) from the clichés they are, but no. They threw Batman too in a mud of superficial plot, where everythinghappens for no (or stupid) reasons. Ben Affleck already killed Daredevil. Now he'll be wrecking with his inexpressive mask the next generation of Batman movies too! Guys, you just took my enthusiasm forDC's upcoming movies away.… Expand Da mucha pena , porque toda la peli se esta hablando y no hay apenas acción. el actor de superman es buenisimo pero el de batman parece estar gordo con la mascara y en el batmovil se nota mucho. la peli no tiene argumento y por ello no meDa mucha pena , porque toda la peli se esta hablando y no hay apenas acción. el actor de superman es buenisimo pero el de batman parece estar gordo con la mascara y en el batmovil se nota mucho. la peli no tiene argumento y por ello no me entretuvo. no tiene sentido un batman con ametralladora y francotirador… Expand Man where do I start? This movie spends of its time building up the encounter between the two heros, and when it finally happens its very lackluster.  Half the time I was bored or just plain uninterested. Which is a shame because I was reallyMan where do I start? This movie spends of its time building up the encounter between the two heros, and when it finally happens its very lackluster.  Half the time I was bored or just plain uninterested. Which is a shame because I was really looking forward to this movie.  No offense to Ben Afflick but he SHOULD NOT be playing Batman.  He doesn't capture Batman nearly as well as Bale and I never really bought in. Cavil and Adams were alright.I give this movie a three and not a zero because although I was disappointed and felt as if I had just wasted 2 1/2 hours, it looks like effort was put into the film (even though it sucked ass).… Expand 