Um. Wow. So you get to see all the amazing historical things and it's free.

Yes you sort of feel bad about the raided countries but so much stuff in one location! And did I mention free! Bag check before you go in and I was asked if I had anything sharp in my bag so maybe they're watching out for people who want to slash art? Or maybe the guy was just afraid of being sliced by secret tiny mace?

The space is amazing and there are SO MANY rooms. I tried to see them all but I'm sure I didn't. Mummies are cool in case you didn't know. And I loved the netsuke. There are restaurants and giftshops and amazing spaces to enjoy.

I went mid afternoon and had zero line. Lots of children to dodge but I loved watching them drawing various pieces for their school assignments.
Now has a preliminary bag check in a sheltered tent, but no big deal. Lighting after sunset in the Great Court isn't very good.

Selfie sticks and visitors without a clue are a threat.
There is nothing I can add to what others have said other than this was the highlight of my trip. 

Pressed for time, they have a top 10 list of things to see which enabled me to see some of the best. 

The visit left me thinking about the many staff and subject matter experts this institution has nurtured and how critical it is to those of us spending our lives mired in more mundane endeavors. 

Very special place.
What more can I say! Full of free tours and great exhibitions, what more can one (tourist) ask for!?

My wife and I staked from opening to closing and there's still soooo much more to go!
Swooooon!

I have to admit I am bad for not visiting the cultural hot spots of London. Out me in NYC and I will be in the Met within the day but I have never given places like the British Museum the same attention.

More fool me....on a recent visit to see the lost cities of Egypt exhibit I took some time to take in the place and frankly its spectacular. Whether you are a Londoner or a visitor this is place is a must see.
It´s simply wonderful. Huge space, amazing artefacts from ancient world, plenty of space to relax including cafe and also kind a empty if you go there out of tourist season. Definitely "must see" place.
Fascinating museum and collection. And the best part is it's free. 

The Rosetta Stone and the Egyptian artifacts (especially the mummies) were my favorite. The whole museum is a must see if you love history. And the building is absolutely beautiful.

Just be prepared for crowds - we went on a Monday and the place was packed. But definitely worth it. We tried to see the whole museum, but we just didn't have the time. I look forward to going back next time I'm in London.
British Halls of Pilfered Items . . . okay, stop rolling your eyes. In lieu, of some components of our globe, who've been systematically destroying icons, which were preserved for thousands of years, perhaps this was very good British foresight. Even in WW2, it seems that all sides, made an effort to not destroy, items of historical value. 

This is a place, which even before entering, can make your head swim, just from the pure beauty and architectural ambiance. Once through, security, the walk through the front doors, will stop most in their tracks. Once you've regained your footing, head on for a great, life adventure. 

There are stairs, connecting each floor, each floor is a long massive giant hallway. With what else . . more stairs, so prepare to walk, and finding a place to rest can be difficult. I would also, highly recommend bringing a set of ear plugs. The place is usually loaded, with little kids on field trips. Most of them quite polite, but they do like to chat it up, and this can turn absolutely ear piercing. 

By the time, we'd finished with the Egyptian exhibition, and battled our way up to the Rosetta Stone for some photos, we were done in. We finished up with their gift shop, most of the time, I do a quick cruise through these places, and I did end up buying a couple of practical items, which I used for the rest of our trip. 

Then we headed over to their snack / coffee shop, as it proved a good place to rest before heading out the door. THERE IS NO ADMISSION, so you can return, as often as you want. This is a MUST SEE!!
I LOVE the British museum, really can't get enough of it! My favorite rooms are upstairs especially the one on Mesopotamia as well as the ancient Egypt one even if a little small compared to le Louvres. You will need to visit a few times to see most of it, especially if an exhibition is on. I mean even if you think you have seen it all, I bet you are wrong and you will still discover more!!
It has to be on your list of places to visit whilst in London, it's a must GO!
Absolutely GORGEOUS and FREE. There are no fees associated with this beautiful museum. I was lucky enough to see an extensive Egyptian art and artifacts exhibition. They do have the original Rosetta Stone here, but there is so much more to see. The museum is located in Soho if you are familiar with London.
Do you enjoy history?  

Go.  

This is absolutely one of the best and it is free.
I always bring guests and do a whirlwind tour: mummies, the bog man, Egyptian hall, Elgin marbles (when are they giving those back to Greece?!?), Rosetta Stone, and the Easter Island statue. Always worth checking out the special exhibits as well.
This museum has so many amazing artifacts! If you only have a bit of time, make sure you go in the "Enlightenment Room," where you can see what kinds of things early historians collected when starting to dig into different scientific and historical studies.  There are some really quirky items in there, like odd fossils.
First of all, this place is massive. It contains some incredibly interesting exhibits and time flies when you're absorbed in history. Entrance is free although some exhibits have a separate charge. Whether you're in a local or just visiting, you should make some time to visit one of the most impressive collections of artifacts in the world. Can get busy in the summer holidays but well worth a visit regardless of age!
It's truly an amazing museum -- and there is much to see, but it can be hard to see it around all the masses of people (I'm definitely returning in the "off" season).  It's so big that you really can't go wrong just strolling through.  I don't bother with maps or audio tours -- I'm not going to really remember all those facts/figures anyway as I'm not really all that smart.  It's enough to read the tags and other information posted in the galleries and exhibitions for me.

Despite the fact that I know rationally that these things are being "preserved" -- I can't help but wonder how much of a boost to the economy it might give Greece to return things like the Elgin Marbles.  

So much of the artifacts represent the cultural history of other country and the idea of "saving" them in another location far away is so colonialist as to be insulting.  

Why not BUILD a museum worthy of housing these items in the place of origin?
You could spend days here trying to get all of the sights in! This museum is huge, and a must stop on your visit to England. The major sites located here are the Rosetta Stone and pieces from the Parthenon. The museum opens at 9 AM, but you cannot go into see the exhibits until 10 AM. Most of the museum is free to see, but there are paid exhibits. We did go to the underwater exhibit which was very cool. I recommend going early in the morning to beat the crowds.
Great day out learning about history and other cultures and civilizations.
We only had a few hours and luckily they have a guide on the top 10 things to see in a an hour. We saw most of them (Rosetta stone a must) and deviated a little. I wish I had a week just to explore this museum.
Great, fantastic and wonderful!!! Best describe this awesome display of artifacts from all over world. The Elgin Marbles are by far my favorite. Everyone who appreciates art should try to see them atleast once Hopefully twice. If you are in London go here it is free....
Don't miss this!  The museum brings to life everything you learned as a school child about England's era of world domination!  You could spend days here but if you want a quick sip, you can purchase a tour map that has 10 things to see in an hour for 2 pounds.  There are different versions of maps so ask if you don't see.  Then I also recommend the audio headset for another 4 or 5 pounds.  The museum itself is free.  The highlight map gives you a good sampling to see the Rosetta Stone and statues from the Parthenon and a statute from the Easter Islands and the mummies and blue vases from Ming China etc.  The visit was humbling and awe inspiring.  Super duper cool.
This is the best museum I've been to (far beating NYC's and that's saying something). Not only does this museum have MULTIPLE artifacts from every nation and continent going back thousands of years, the setup for these artifacts is amazing and artistic in of itself. 

The gift shop here is also one of my favorites. You can get many affordable souvenirs for your family and friends since they have options suitable for any taste. 

If you properly look at each section, it'll take you at least a week to conquer this entire museum. 

It's so large and beautiful. Love this museum.
Visiting "The British Museum" is always a treat as there is sooo much to discover. I've visited it many times and still feel like I haven't seen everything yet.

I would like to recommend their clocks and watches collection to everyone: http://www.britishmuseum.org/visiting/galleries/europe/room_38-39_clocks_and_watches.aspx
For the first time, I went through a museum without taking a picture (when pictures are allowed I meant. I don't break the rule and take pictures in those no photo places!!. :) ) I love photo taking everywhere but this time I decided to take pictures in my head and just immerse myself in this amazing museum and learning about history of every piece of ancient art. I didn't stay too long due to not feeling too well (gosh I hate this happens all the time when I travel!), but if you have time, I recommend to spend at least half day here to enjoy things around you.
Great artefacts from all over the world. You will be able to see the famous Rosetta Stone, one of the Caryatids, the controversial Parthenon Marbles and many more items. It is very big so plan in advanced your day there specially if you want to see different floors. Great for all ages!  Buy a guide with the highlights of the Museum if you don't have enough time!
As good as it can be. You would need days to see it properly. Every item has a story. My favourite one is the first human right declaration in the world: a cylinder from Persia. Great for kids, couples, singles,.... basically everybody
just visiting is a pleasure the location and building are so iconic. The museum itself has breathtaking exhibits and the special events are second to none. I marvel and count my blessings to live in a country where such experiences are open and free to all - long may it continue !
Favorite museum in the world.  Hands down.
There's no way to say it other than you have to go. It gets a bit crowded, but for good reason - there's so much to see! The cafe in the center is nice too when you need a break.
Free museum, go now!!!

Ok, for a free (or not free) museum, the British Museum is top notch!!  We truly enjoyed our time here exploring and getting lost with all the collection of mummies, history of different continents etc... The place is organized, clean and just simply cool... We spent a good few hours in the museum wondering and learning. There were also groups of school kids here on field trips, which is so appropriate. Definitely a good place to explore and spend a few hours.
What a beautiful museum this is, grand like structure from the outside, very enticing.... I go every year because its one of my favourites, dedicated to art, culture and human history. Its so mesmerising, and never gets old. 

As you walk inside its breathtaking, the light that shines in from the top and immaculated in white is brillantly superb! The twining stairs which lead you into the library gives you a spectacular view of whats going on beneath you. Yes its a very busy museum, everyone flocks here to see the stunning pieces! 

I go back to see the Rosetta Stone, the Beard of the Sphinx, The Elgin Marbles, it contains the history of the entire world, its fascinating. You can spend a whole day there, being captured back into time! Certain areas of the museum are nice and quiet, where you can sit and relax. 

They have an amazing feature next month which I'm looking forward to see, Sunken Cities: Egypts lost worlds. This month they have Sicily: Culture and Conquest. 

The museum looks beautiful at night too, it closes at 8:30pm on Fridays.

Go check it out NOW!!!
Must see museum ! I can't recommend enough, friendly lovely staff, very easy to get to , amazing stuff to see and it's FREE. What more do you want ?
Wow. This is a must see!!!! 

The Rosetta Stone itself is a wonderous sight. Even if that was all I got to see, it would have been worth it. Although the museum is called the British Museum, a big part of it is devoted to the mummies and Egyptian history which I thought was kind of funny. Since I wasn't expecting to learn about that while in Britain? But it was neat to see Cleopatra. She looked stunning! Even painted on her tomb. 

The museum is free which is a total bonus for travelers watching their budget! We spent about 3 hours there but could have stayed for longer. I walked through the current life exhibit as well as the Roman and Greek sculptures but could have stayed for longer. The grounds are expansive and well maintained. Loved the visit!
Great museum, you will need a whole day to see everything there , but  worth it , one not really a complaint but where are the trash cans there ?? 
Took me 15 minutes to find one and actually you have to ask at the coffee shop to put in the trash for you , I asked where can I find a litter and he told me there are no public litter cans !? Go figure
So if you're in London, you absolutely 100% no question need to visit the British Museum. And honestly, I recommend giving yourself at least a full day to wander through it at a comfortable pace. Because this museum is HUGE. It has an enormous collection of artifacts and artwork that, combined, create exhibits that can span entire floors of the museum - and which highlight ancient and modern cultures alike.

Admission to the British Museum is primarily free (although there are fees to see special/loan/traveling exhibits). And that's a great deal as far as I'm concerned, because I have yet to find a museum with a collection this expansive. Ancient Egypt. Greece. Rome. Europe. Asian. Africa. The Americas. All of these spots and more get their time in the spotlight here.

Not only are the exhibits lovely, but the building! The building itself is gorgeous - their main hall alone is massive and expansive. It's unique, too: a lot of the hall feels like a modern building, but you walk into the exhibits through what looks like a couple ancient temple entrances. It's quite cool. 

I recommend finding a map when you walk in, by the way, to ensure that you get to the collections you care about the most during your visit. Seriously: a day here won't be enough to see the entire museum, so you'll want to focus on the things you're most interested in. Plus, a map will ensure that you make your way towards the Rosetta Stone at some point - you know, just the original key used to decipher and understand Ancient Egyptian literature, no big deal.

Final thoughts? I adore this museum. I hope you do too. Stop on in, find a map, catch a tour or two, and enjoy!
The museum has a staggering number of exhibits.  The highlights self-guided tour offers a list of the most important sites to see, but the map is a bit bewildering to follow for a first-timer.  Since it was late in the day, instead, we concentrated on Egyptian/Middle Eastern sites, and caught a few other things like the remains of the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus on the way back.  We were also headed to Cyprus on our vacation - so we checked out the Ancient Cyprus room, so we could see all of the stuff  from the sites that we would be visiting later.

I would recommend concentrating on a few areas, rather than trying to hit the scattered "highlights" but running all over the museum.
The British Museum is a short walk from Russell Square tube stop. Entry is free. They do check your bags when you walk in. They have toilets on every floor (as far as I can remember). They have collections from all over the world and across various eras, so basically they have the whole space and time thing covered.

The entire museum could easily take up more than half a day, if you're up for it. It's informative and educative whilst giving the visitor a glimpse into the empire's glory days and the sheer magnitude of Britain's reach.

They have collections that range from the Navagrahas of India, to ceremonial arrows in Mexico and pretty much everything in between. We went on a rainy Saturday afternoon and after around 2.5 hrs only were able to see around 40% of the collection.

As a bonus, they have a fantastic modern roof, which, by itself, is an architectural marvel.

If you're in London and feel like loading up on some history and culture, this place is definitely worth spending a few hours in.
The acquisition of knowledge and deepen our understanding of culture/society is a priceless experience. We can't put a price on an individual's growth. Fortunately for all, the British Museum is free. The British Museum is a vast collection of varies historical period. The pieces are all stunning. The museum is a world class attraction and holds it's own weight against the world's best (NYC, Philadelphia, Chicago, Paris, and etc).  

The knowledge that I gained and shared with others:

Many of the pieces/sculptures/artifacts have destroyed arms, legs, faces, and genitals. Majority of the pieces weren't destroyed by mother nature, but thru conquest. These civilizations fought in many wars. As armies fought and pressured cities to surrender. An invading army does not want to kill off all the population that it conquers, but only those that pose a threat (mainly men- this is why we always see the men get killed in movies and the wives/kids survive). The kids/wives were needed to support the conquered city- mainly to work the fields/cleaning the city/provide basic infrastructure. When many people are at their weakest, they often looked towards their religious figure, culture, or any representations to provide them hope. Hoping that they will win/survive or that God(s) will intervene. Hope is a difficultly things to destroy by invaders. In order to break the hope spirit, the invader would deface/defigure the gods, heros, or any representation of hope. Now as we all look back, we see many "destroyed" sculptures. The reality is that the sculptures tell two stories: The people who believed/worship it and those  who wanted to destroyed their existence/what it represents.

- A minor in classic civilization
This museum can be overwhelming due to its enormity, so it's best to have a plan. I picked a few galleries I was interested in from watching BBC America (the Luther exhibit is quite brilliant) then ventured out from there.

If you are here at the same time as a school outing (and chances are you will be) try to navigate around the mongrel hoards lest you will swallowed up by tikes. One of the advantages of this is you may find yourself in the less popular (but equally fantastic) exhibit rooms that you otherwise may have skipped.

Take advantage of the coat check at the entrance so you don't have to walk around in your 3-season cost from REI. It can get quite warm inside.
Amazing place. There are millions of interesting things to see. But, if you are hungry, don't get a scone. The raisin scone had maybe five raisins in it. It was super dry, although the napkin said it was delivered fresh from Benugo. And where is the clotted cream? Seriously. The almond and berry cake, on the other hand, is a winner.
Unbelievable place to visit! You can visit our human history by seeing Egipt exposition and how they reflect the change in our modern lives.
I love how the British museum is really a collection of things that aren't British. The regular events the museum holds are very fun and educational, and I highly recommend attending any of their special exhibitions if you visit, they're fantastic (though cost money). Otherwise, you could literally spend hours and hours wandering through the museum finding artefacts and learning new things. You'll never be bored (but your legs will certainly ache). For the history buffs out there for sure. If not, these make for some great potential snapchats and great for inspiration of all sorts. Just look at the gorgeous skylight, that will always be iconic of the museum!
This has got to be my top 3 museums that I have ever been to! It was incredible and I felt like a small child in wonderment. 

The first thing you see when you enter the Egyptian section is the Rosetta Stone. How's that for a big statement! The Assyrian lion hunting pictures were breath taking. So much history, so many interesting artifacts and things to learn. I love the Roman and Greek sections as well. Make sure to take your time and absorb as much as you can, you will be transported in time and it puts your life in perspective. It was wonderful to see a lot of people sitting and sketching. 

My tip - don't plan your day here too much. Get lost in here and take your time
It's free and boasts a massive collection. Many treasures taken from Egypt and other countries are on display here. It is very crowded and the gift shops expensive, as per usual. The toilets are good. We didn't have coffee or anything so i can't comment on that.
Have been to London 3 times previously. First time to the BM. What a find. Wish I could spend more than an afternoon here. I found the summaries or abstracts next to the exhibits well written an easy to follow. The efforts of the archaeologists and collectors have to be applauded. Without them or the funding and support of the British people we wouldn't have this record of history.  The teenagers walked the whole museum but didn't read everything.
Wow.  It will probably take two days to see it all and technically if you look (not even read plaque) every item, it will probably take a week.

And on top of all this: it is FREE
Arrive early, be the first in line, dash into the museum, and make a beeline for the Elgin marbles. Take a photo of your sweetheart gazing at them. Indelible memory.
As un-classy as this sounds, the British Museum is the wet dream of all history fans! Possessing artifacts from the ancient Mesopotamian civilization to post-Meiji era Japan, British Museum's historical collection is one of the best in the world. The best part is that the permanent exhibit is free!

Although this museum houses artifacts from a wide spectrum of civilizations and eras, perhaps its most notable collections are the ancient Egyptian collection of authentic mummies and life-sized statues and the recovered pieces of the destroyed Parthenon in Athens. However, other collections are also impressive as well, so no matter what your favorite civilizations or eras are, you are bound to find plenty of artifacts to your liking!

Let yourself wander around the museum or pinpoint certain areas you would like to see. While it is unfortunate that its free admission creates a loud rowdy environment with an overwhelming crowd even on a weekday morning, most of them are concentrated at ground-level exhibits and the Egyptian exhibits, so don't let them deter you from visiting this brilliant museum. 

A big duh, but the British Museum is definitely a must-go destination for all London locals and tourists!

---
tl;dr version:
1) Expansive historical collection with most focus on Egyptian
2) Free admission to permanent exhibit
3) Often crowded so be prepared
This is my number one place to visit in london, i absolutely loved this. I was coming here since i had some time to pass in london after my science museum visit and damn, i'm coming back for this! This museum is the holy grail of museums, there is so much to see here and you can literally spend a day here! The guy at the entrance told me to go up the stairs and i did, i visited the greek and egyptian rooms there and saw lots of cool stuff. When i wanted to get back into london i walked down the stairs and walked into room after room full of huge statues and remains of old buildings. I was totally awed by this and it made my day. I'm already planning to come back again!
It's the British Museum.  Really, you're looking at Yelp?

Sigh.

Anyways, this has so many artifacts of things the British plundered, er, I mean, preserved here that it's ridiculous. But if you're overwhelmed, the website for the museum has an excellent "Top 25" list of things to see in 3 hours. Use it. And then see those things. Otherwise, there's just too much here to see.

Loved seeing the Rosetta Stone.
Phenomenal. One of the best museums I've visited. They have the Rosetta Stone plus tons of Eygptian artifacts.
The British Museum was my first stop after arriving and settling into London. The museum is only a 5 minute walk from the nearby Metro stop, and is free! 

There's so much to see and not enough time! Since I had only a couple hours to spend, I went at a moderate pace through just a portion of the museum. If I were a local, I would pop into the museum on the weekends and thoroughly view one section at a time. Some of my favorite exhibits were the Egyptian mummies on display, the Greek sculptures, and the watch/clock exhibit. 

If you're in London and have half a day to kill, you should definitely come by the British Museum - especially because it is free!
I've been to the British Museum two or three times over the times i came in London for vacation and went back now that i live here and i honestly haven't seen it all yet for it is: BIG.

The building itself is beautiful from the outside and inside. The main hall is spectacular with its glass ceiling and a balcony on one the top floors allows you to see it all and take an awesome panorama picture. 
As all the National Museums the entrance is free but you need to pay to access exhibitions. 

You'll find anything and everything no matter which part of history is your favorite. From antique Greece to middle age and Japanese art, there's a big bit of everything. 

It is always crowded especially in the main areas like the Rosetta Stone etc, so if you wanna take good pictures or get a proper look i reckon coming early would be better.

Please note that if like me, you'd like to see The Great Wave by Hokusai you need to call and get an appointment (only during the week) as this splendid yet fragile piece of art is not displayed to the public but kept in a locked room. 

There's not much i can add for it is complicated to phrase such beauty. Go check it out yourself :)
Great museum! It is free admission; it just asks for donation on the side. 

Def a place where you can spend a whole day wondering about. Funny thing about the British museum is that it has art and various artifacts from all over the world and has nothing British in it. If there are British works, it is mostly contemporary. 

Cute cafe and restaurant. Everything is overpriced for you to purchase. Dont feel bad thought! Admission is free after all!
The magnitude of the BM is gargantuam. 
To really see it ine needs several years in a row.
The Rosetta Stone comes first on sight upon entering a room and it leaves you breathless.
We only took in a very small sample on a very short visit.  
The staff very friendly and polite specially to those that want to touch the exhibited items.
I suggested zapping the intruders with an electric shock. Lol!
Go and visit!
A plus! It's FREE!!!!
This is one excellent museum.  If you want to see Greek statuary you have come to the right place.  Mummies?  They have them as well along with many other Egyptian and Mesopotamian artifacts.  Not only that, but their cafe has a really good lunch and a coffee bar in it.  Yes, it's on the higher side price wise but most museum cafes are.  If you want an even higher end dining experience or an afternoon tea, they have a restaurant at the top floor in the grand atrium.  

I spent a good four hours there and still did not make it through the whole museum so I'll just have to come back again.
If I were to give any advice, it would be: spend two full mornings there to see as much as possible and avoid school groups. 
This is one of the most amazing museums in the world (we've been to a few or more) and a great display of world history. We got there early and, on recommendation of the docent, saw the "big 10" while the museum was *slow (read: no school groups yet), then went back around and looked at everything else. We went back two days later to finish the exhibits. The cafe was quick, filling, and delicious. They have The Rosetta Stone, a head from Easter Island, mummies, pharaoh's tombs, and so much more.
If I could give this Museum more than 5 stars, I would, which just shows to how much I love it. In my opinion, even better than the Smithsonian! 

First of all, it's free! You get to see art work from around the world and the free gallery talks are just amazing - have never been disappointed and what's cool is that each docent who gives the talk, has a slightly different slant and takes a different approach, so it's something new all the time! 

The Rosetta Stone, the Lewis Chessman, Lord Elgin's Marbles... The list just goes on and on! Londoners are so lucky to have this institution in their town!
The British Museum is certainly a cultural highlight of London. The vast extend and variety of exhibitions, both permanent and temporary and the architecturally brilliant interior with its wide open space and circular inner structure is a sight to behold. 
Just as impressive is the fact that entrance is still for free, when the majority of attractions and even churches (Westminster Abbey) are charging excessive amounts for entry. 
Do give yourself at least 3-4 hours to visit this museum!
This place is an absolute gem and a favourite museum of mine in London. There is a world of history from ancient to modern, with lots of interesting special exhibitions throughout the year. Like most museums in London, doors close early evening, so try to get in early to make the most of it (you can easily spend a full day here!).
Visited March 2015 "Ate at the Gallery Cafe in the British Museum; I could spend all day in here, and still not see everything it has to offer"

We utilized the Tube and the bus system from Greenwich to get to the British Museum. We got turned around a bit on the streets, but eventually located the building. As an American, we are used to having to pay for culture, so when I got to walk through those doors without having to stand in line to pay it was almost freeing but at the same time I thought I was going to be arrested for failure to pay. I did download a guide from the Musuems website to assist if you only have 1 hour or 3 hours to spend in the Museum. We spent our time locating the Egyptian exhibits, seeing the Rosetta Stone, the money exhibit, and the African exhibit. We saw an Easter Island face - which was pretty cool.

We both tried their Mediterranean cuisine, and really enjoyed that we could choose 4 out of 10 options for 9 pounds ($14). It also included Tzatziki sauce, and flatbread. I got a cucumber salad, zucchini fritters, bureka like philo dough with spinach, and some hummus. The staff was pleasant, attentive, and answered any questions you might have.
I went there last year as part of the interactive project for Wac Arts. The artwork and also sculptures was exquisite. I highly recommend everyone to visit the British museum because it is brilliant.
Unlike Westminister Abbey or Tower Of London which charges an arm and a leg... this place is FREE.  In fact, all museums are FREE... I feel like I am getting even with my money's worth in UK.

You have to go here if just for Rosetta Stone.. Other things to check out:
- The Egyptian display which has probably more than what I have seen at the New York City Met
- Asian display of Buddhas.. really nice.  Probably saw something slightly better in Taiwan's museum
- Japanese section was nice as well.

I am not totally artsy.. but I would just look online for what should I try to see at the British museum for a day, an hour, etc..

I loved it.. I would go again.

Do realize that everything here is stolen from other countries... 

Oh and the most awesome thing.. the donors listed at this museum is a little unusual.  In the USA, all museums are just regular boring names.. this one has Kings and Queens listed.. yup, that's pretty cool.
I love it here. Probably the best museum in London. Houses the Rosetta Stone, mummies and an array of artefacts from antiquity if you didn't already know. Great place to spend an afternoon and the best part it's free! 

Also, if the weather is good you can have it outside in the grounds.
Great museum and a must see in London. And admission is FREE.
You can also have afternoon tea here.
Night at the museum 3 was filmed here.
A MUST visit for anyone visiting London. It's free, It's gorgeous, and it contains so much amazing art, statues and pieces. Seriously, you've got to make the time to visit here. Even if you're busy just walk in, look at the Rosetta Stone and peace. There's no wait at all. 

Depending how much you like looking at art you could spend the entire day in here. If you just want to glance around at everything give yourself 3-4 hours.
World-class, top 5 all-time museum. Easy 4-hour adventure through this enormous compounds with exhibits spanning every era of history. See some of the most famous artifacts of human history like the Rosetta Stone, coffin of Cleopatra, the Elgin Marbles from the Parthenon. Cannot miss.
For a start when you step inside the main hall it leaves in awe that the design is absolutely first class. It's so spectacular that everyone stops to take pictures of the actual museum ceiling first before even enquiring about the exhibits. That tells u lot. The exhibitions vary and are all very interesting though I love the little spontaneous exhibits that have in the small rooms I recently saw one on witches throughout the centuries and only yesterday went to see a cool little Japanese manga exhibit. Not withstanding that it is free it is a must to go check the British Museum when in London.
Great museum, must see when you are in London.  There is a great variety and they even have mini-tours for free (you'd need to check their website as they cover difference areas).  The guides I've met have been very knowledgeable and helpful and encourage questions.  Overall it is a great museum and I can't wait to explore more of it!
Each time we go to London I try to take advantage of the fantastic museums throughout one of my most loved cities. The British Museum is also a good one. Free to visitors, it's loaded with tons of interesting exhibits spanning over hundreds of years.  A variety of cultures and civilizations are covered, from Muslim to Hindu to British to Icelandic. 
A great place to take the kids, especially if the London weather is less than cooperative.
Oh my!! This place is chocked pull of amazing art and incredible artifacts. History is everywhere you look and turn. 
The Egyptian exhibit makes you feel like you are walking through the museum in Cairo. In fact, the one in Cairo is more like a warehouse and doesn't have nearly the descriptions and dedication to the display of the pieces. 
We didn't have much time there do to one of our travelers being too tired and worn out for the experience. 
I will be back in London and I will definitely make time for the Museum. I would say give yourself a few hours. If you like to read a lot of the information on the art, you might want to give yourself the entire morning.
This is probably the best national museum I've been to to date!  Not only is it free to the public,  the interior design of the museum and the vast collections on exhibit were astounding. Half a day was not enough time to cover the whole museum and I would definitely return here again to explore the rest of the exhibit!
BEST. MUSEUM. EVER.

The British Museum is one of the best in the world. It is a museum lovers dream. Artifacts from cultures across the globe. You're transported through time when you view all the different statues, carvings, art work, and much more.

Sadly I could only spend one day here and during that day I only saw the Greek and Egyptian galleries. I spent all day on TWO galleries. I think that speaks to how big this place is. I was hoping to cover Greek, Egyptian, China, Maya, Vikings, and the Bronze Age in the one day. Pfft, yeah right. Realistically that's about 3 or 4 days worth of galleries. There was just so much to see, and I had so little time.

The museum is very busy. I went in the summer time, so it was extra full of tourists. Just understand that there will be crowds, especially in the popular galleries. A great bonus is the lack of hoards or children on school field trips being loud and disruptive. Despite the crowds I found people were very respectful of the exhibits. No glass with smeared greasy finger prints (a huge pet peeve of mine).

There is a cafe on the first floor in the back of the museum. Of course it's expensive and the food isn't great. I recommend grabbing something to eat at one of the nearby restaurants. I grabbed a sandwich at Pret A Manger on the way to the museum. The bathrooms are standard and of course the line for the ladies room is ridiculously long. Paper maps are free! I didn't know that until after I bought one of the nicer maps for two pounds I think.

I'm seriously considering planning another trip to London just to come back here. That is how awesome this place is. If you love museums, have lots of time, and are ready to be amazed plan a trip to the British Museum. It's not possible to be disappointed by this museum.
I love the British Museum. You can't get bored here. There is so much to see. If you live in London I would recommend visiting a few times. The exhibitions here are also very well done.
This is by far one of the coolest museums I have ever been to. Although in a different time zone, I would highly recommend anyone to come here, because there is certainly an exhibit here that could appeal to anyone. It's huge!

There is a small cafe by the front, in case you get tired, and a small gift store across from it. As far as exhibits are concerned, the Rosetta stone was my favorite, and it's one of the more popular things there to look at.

Admission is free, so it's not only an educational and unique experience, it's easy on the wallet and offers so much in terms of exploring something new. I had such a great time chaperoning a trip here. :-)
They have a world class collection of antiquities and other anthropological artifacts.  Admission is free with a suggested donation.  Definitely top notch and worth the time.  Oh, and the original Rosetta Stone is here also.
Massive museum...you need several hours.  There is a lot to see....definitely how with a tour guide because if you don't speak Arabic you won't understand anything.  

Overall amazing preservation....and a great experience.  A must see if your visiting egypt.
The largest crime scene in living memory. 

You will struggle to find so many items that are stolen or "acquired" all in one place!

There is so much to see and do at the British Museum that it is easy to spend a couple of days enjoying the winnings of colonialism.

If you want to learn about global culture, history and humanity then this is the one place you must visit.

Highly recommended.
I love a good museum and The British Museum lives up to its reputation.  As is the case for most museums in London its free.  Be sure to check out the rosetta stone.
Excellent! Definitely make sure this makes it on your agenda. It was a bit hectic to see the Rosetta Stone. The crowd was a crush but the place is amazing. The view from the upper levels is cool.
Super cool.... and super free!

I can't imagine how much it would cost to enter this museum if it was in the US. Thank you London for being so progressive with your museums and not charging.

I enjoyed the ancient Egypt stuff as well as the Islamic Art section. Good times.
It's free, it's massive, and there is so much to see. You need a few hours to see it all. The crowds make it a little hard to take your time but that's the nature of a museum and tourists these days.
A great british institution that shows just a little of what we have stolen / collected as a country. Wonderful building itself, though some of the rooms are a bit dark and its a shame that they don't all live up to its exterior. 

The place is huge, you would need multiple visits to really appreciate everything. As with most places in London it will always be busy so be prepared to go around groups of tourists and come back later to see some of the highlights (like the Rosetta stone). So many Egyptian relics its insane, they take on multiple floors and rooms. We enjoyed the rooms on South East Asia and Japan too, which included a lot of Buddhist art works.

And all of this is free. Highly recommended.
A must! The amount of significant and interesting history found here is insurmountable. Visit the Egyptian room and the Rosetta Stone. So impressed! We had a lovely lunch in the great room cafe, recommended! Love that all purchases at stores go back to the museum, nice touch!
Yes, the museum is very impressive. It is free, so disregard anyone trying to sell you maps or tickets. You should definitely eat beforehand and be prepared for a lot of walking, as this museum is very big. 
I went straight for the rosetta stone and the peat bog man mummy, both of which were very cool. The rosetta stone is always surrounded by people so just wait patiently and you will get your time up next to the glass.
Free entry 
Cameras are allowed 
Love the Africa collection
Amazing exhibition. The fact that is free makes it even better. Definitely a place to visit if you are in London.
How can you not love this place when:

A. It's Free

B. The actual structure is beautiful

C. They have a wicked multimedia guided tour

D. The Rosetta stone + a ridiculous collection

E. Staff are extremely professional and friendly 

Amazing time all around
I don't really think this place needs a review as it sells itself. If you are visiting London definitely go with a game plan as this museum is massive! 

If you are living in London just go once in a while for a wander and see what you haven't seen before, people travel all around the world for this place and it is worth it.
SO. MUCH.

There is just so much to see here. Before we went, people had told me that we'd need to spend at least a full day here. I'd also had people tell me that we'd need to spend *more* than a full day here. Having been, now, I can completely agree with both statements.

The best advice I can give someone visiting the British Museum the first time is to plan ahead. There is no possible way you can give the displays your full attention in one day. It's impossible. There's too much to see, read and absorb, and eventually, your mind (and body) will just shut down.

So, plan ahead. Check out the map of the museum, and see what exhibits are on when you'll be there. Choose one or two (or three, if you've got the time and the stamina) areas that you want to focus on, and stick with that. Otherwise, you'll end up like me.

What happened to me, you might ask? Well, I became overwhelmed. I shut down completely - mind numb, body rebelling. It was just too much to process. It was only after my husband agreed to stick with the areas that he was most interested in that I felt some life come back to my limbs.

Even following the "Top 10 Things to See" guide within their book (which you can buy at the front) can be overwhelming, because you'll see all the other displays that you're breezing by, trying to get to #4. 

It's immense. I mean - you've got main halls, side halls, smaller halls off the side halls, and each one of these has big displays down the middle, then smaller displays on the sides. And *every single display* has a card with really detailed information listed on it. Great for those who love history and want to learn, but still incredibly overpowering.

If you plan ahead, though - and if you've got the time to break it up a bit - you should be fine. Just don't be like me, thinking you can blaze a trail through the museum in four hours or less. It will promptly and gleefully cut you down to size.
A must see on any visit to London. Probably the best museum in the capital, so much to explore and enjoy - something new every time.
There is probably only one thing missing: the heads of the centaurs and lapiths!
Apparently, these heads are in other museums or in other rooms in the same museum, makes you wonder why they don't put it back together ^^

The museum is just amazing, I mean you have a lot of space and a really good lighting to appreciate the objects stored there. There are some pretty unique pieces. I am no historian but when you see such huge jars in a prefect shape straight from Greece, 500B.C. or the sculptures from the Parthenon and you probably heard about the Rosetta stone too, you just know it is quite unique.

I will go back for sure several times and spend more time for each civilisation because it is impossible to see everything in one visit. And because once you come one time you just want to know more...
History, not my thing never was never will be! so why am I here you ask? the Wife loves it, Happy Wife = Happy Life!

Rosetta Stone http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#T7esbo03XT8z2Lo0ogE6yQ it's popular but don't ask me why, if you care? read here http://www.britishmuseum.org/explore/young_explorers/discover/a_closer_look-1/the_rosetta_stone.aspx

Your typical Museum filled with Statues and Stuff......
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#TemWDZZtszQd15FWqzA-dw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#-rXHX5_q3QN0wQgixfQbrQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#JJxM-LvQ6N-KiDVvv4ICtQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#_fjbv8VpT7nLUuTPtbzEKg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#xX_ztPN4YZINI5hFNmCY4g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#AhSJ9-4dDSeWBtv6pT0eQQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#yG6hI_BjV4zIEmmohu_Kuw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#n2KHHHPKAU6CRBYq6wyBxQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-british-museum-london-3#LiDgu1piHYA_xc90MT-hDA

Well the Wife loved it........
Incredible. Obviously a must see when in London. The ancient Greece exhibit was just astounding.
I think it's taken me so long to review the British Museum because how do you describe something that's as historic as the history it contains inside. 

Like this: Go.

Just go.

Go if you're a tourist, and see famed bits of art and the world. The Rosetta Stone. The Elgin Marbles. The Great Court. The beard of the Sphinx. The history of the entire world in tangible form.

Go if you live in London. It has to be a while since you've been, but you live here, and people travel all around the world to come here. Take advantage, go again, see what you haven't seen and see again what you have.

Go if you love history. If you love art. If you love politics. If you love the rise and fall of civilisations. If you love looking back to see how we got to where we are today. 

Go with a game plan to see everything you want or go without any knowledge and just wander. There's no wrong way to do it. 

Take the time, give it it's due. It will take you hours to get through here and then, even then, you won't see everything. That's ok. What you will see will be amazing. Even if there's a long queue outside, get in it and wait, it moves way faster than you think (they're just checking bags, and if you don't have a bag, skip the queue and walk to the front.)

Whatever you do, however you do it, go. Just go.
I'm not a big museum person, but this museum definitely tops my list!  There's loads of things to do and see here. I would suggest this to anyone traveling to London!
Definitely one of the best museums in London it's clean, modern and has literally everything, from Egypt to Greece .... there was so much to see I had to do it in two visits. It's a great place.... I'd recommend it for an educational day out.
You must go here ! It's a very large museum but we went to see the Rosetta stone first and then we allowed ourselves to get lost and roam the museum. There's many exhibits and art to see here and it'll keep you busy and occupied for at least half the day. Be prepared to walk and lose track of time while exploring the museum
Free admission. Giant well thought out exhibits. A variety of art from every region. Fascinating and much enjoyed
Come here.

You must, the whole world is on display, right in front of your nose, along with a few thousand of your fellow human beings. Don't tell the surging crowds put you off, step up and through and take a moment. Figure out where you want to go, there's so very much to see.

Then dive in. It's glorious!

Enjoy!
Defo londons best museum hands down! It's so huge and well stocked I actually convinced myself that I was in Egypt and not just the section of it in a museum ... Well kept also! Matter of fact I may just pop by there again next week!
This is short and sweet, as when I was there, I didn't get the chance to look round the whole place, however. I'll be going back for sure. It's a beautiful! place with loads to see. So I say, go and see it.
I still cannot believe that all of these museums in London are free! If you go to one museum, this should be it!
When visiting a museum, no matter the city, I look for a few things:
- A few rooms full of beautiful and interesting artwork. 
- Interesting architecture.  
- Fair admission cost.  

Here's what you get, specifically, at The British Museum: 
- Nearly 100 galleries of artwork and artifacts dating back thousands of years! 
- A beautifully unique building... a Greek revival exterior front and an uber modern interior with a circular Grand Court with a stunning glass and steel grid ceiling.
- The British Museum is FREE.  Love that!

- Air-conditioning & [free] clean bathrooms don't hurt either.  TBM had both.  


Unfortunately for us we didn't get to spend a lot of time in the museum... but I imagine one could spend an entire day wandering room to room.   This place will definitely be back on my list for the next time we make it over to London.
The British Museum contains all the spoils from the British Empire's occupation of territories beyond Britain.  Almost everything displayed was from another culture or far away land. The Rosetta Stone is displayed here along with ancient Egyptian artifacts, Assyrian reliefs, Buddha statues, Cycladic sculptures, etc. Admission is free, but they do ask for a suggested donation, so give what you can to contribute to the upkeep of this extraordinary museum.  I had 2 hours to spend in the museum and the place was crowded.  Pick and choose what you want to see because it's hard to take in everything at once.  It's a perfect place to visit if you want to get out of the rain.
Wonderful museum. I do not get bored to go over and over again.
I feel silly writing a 5 star review on an obviously 5 star place. But make it a must see even if you have limited time. You can see an abridged version in just an hour: Parthenon and ancient Greek artifcats, Rosetta Stone, Egyptian artifacts, medieval art.   Wonderful layout and beautiful to explore. Free, but donate something!
One of the best Museum I've ever seen. 

I have to say this is where my love for museums started. I've been to other museums before (Smithsonian, in Washington DC) but this is the first time I was captivated by what I was seeing. 

I'm sure it had something to do with their Egyptian exhibit (Room 4). 
There you'll find one of the most important artifact that led to the deciphering of the Egyptian hieroglyph, The Rosetta Stone. The story of this piece of stone alone was worthy of a visit, but it doesn't end there. They have countless other exhibit and artifacts. Truly amazing. 

I can wait to go back.

2014 Review #332/365
Just walking through the courtyard of the British Museum makes me happy - it is a breathtaking beautiful space.
The British Museum is a must-see place, due to the sheer variety of exhibits available.  The most famous are probably the Rosetta Stone, Parthenon Statue, and Egyptian mummies and statues.  Inside there are plenty of places to sit and places to eat in order to recharge yourself - after all, it's easy to spend a few hours here.

I highly recommend renting their multimedia guides for £5.  They can given you verbal commentary on many of the key exhibits to help you appreciate and understand the various exhibits.  I mostly wandered around the museum and punched in the three digit keycode corresponding to an exhibit of interest.  You can also use the guide as a virtual tour guide as well if you prefer a more systematic approach and it will work like a mini map and point out what to see.

They also have special exhibits only open to due-paying members, but I found that there are way more free exhibits that can take you hours if not days to wade through.
If you haven't yet been to the British Museum, then make it a point to go! You don't have to be a history buff to appreciate the treasures housed here. The Rosetta Stone certainly gets the most attention, but all the exhibits here are wonderful. My favourite bits are the areas dedicated to Assyria and Ancient Egypt. The best part about the museum (other than the fact that it's beautiful and fascinating) is that entrance is totally free! 

Be advised though, the museum can get VERY crowded on the weekends. I recommend visiting on a weekday morning if you can.
Possibly the coolest museum in the world. When I visited London it was free for everyone, and it was really, really interesting to visit. The greatest empire the world has ever known definitely preserved a lot of the spoils of conquest.
The British Museum was one of those spots that I went to on my trip and just got lost in there.  There's so much to see and look at.  There's a few items that everyone comes to see and swarms around.  The Rosetta Stone was the busiest of them all.

The free admission is pretty cool too!
London has several contenders for my favorite museum in the world, but this has to right at the top. A full day can barely scratch the surface here. Off course my favorites are the Elgin Marbles which are, frankly, better than a visit to the acropolis they were stolen from. The Egyptian mummies are also unsurpassed. If I had to single out one relic as the centerpiece it would have to be the Rosetta Stone. A must for anyone's first visit to London. Allow all day.
Sumerian, Greek, and Egyption collections are my favorites.
The British Museum houses a massive collection of some of the most important artifacts in the world, many of them from thousands of years BC.  I was certainly impressed by how many of the pieces were recognizable from my art history books. At the height of its power the British Empire was able to take pretty much whatever they wanted from all over the world, hauling home artifacts from Egypt, Greece, and the rest of the globe. The Museum has done a great job of preserving these artifacts and adding to them; hence our modern day viewing convenience! If possible give yourself plenty of time, as the collections are vast. If you don't have specific interests the guide handout can give you suggestions for highlights that can be seen in your time frame. If you have even the slightest interest in archaeology, ancient  history and artifacts, this is a must see while in London! It is also FREE!
Seriously, what can be said that hasn't been said before? This is basically a collection of art and artifacts from around the entire world. Everything is here: from Egyptian mummies to marbles from the Parthenon to sculpture from The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus to the Rosetta Stone. They also have a huge collection of artifacts from the UK and it's overwhelming the amount and importance of their collections. I'm still in awe and I came here in July!

Couple tips: FREE ADMISSION and no air conditioning. Enjoy!
You don't have to be a history buff to appreciate all the wonderful things that are in this museum.  There's so many artifacts and antiquities.. and of course, the famous Rosetta Stone.

And it's great that this museum is free, and donations are accepted.  For 2 quid, you can get a map that breaks down must-see attractions depending on how much time you have.  My sister and I were on a time crunch, so this map really came in handy.
I was beyond amazed and impressed by their collection! I'd heard so much about the British Museum when I took Art History in college. I knew their collection of arts was incredible because so many well known artifacts, sculptures, and various art pieces located in this museum! 

When I arrived to the museum, I didn't even know where to start, but I managed to find my way to the Asian areas, such as Japanese, Chinese, and Korean. I was awed by the layout and presentation because the chronological and historical order of the pieces was placed in such a way that narrates an intriguing and colorful story of the Japanese culture and warriors. I've been to several famous museums, such as the MET and Lourve, but each has its own distinct characteristics and vibe. 

I enjoyed the lighting of the room in the Chinese area, because the dim lighting gives the audience a very serene and calm feeling while observing the calligraphy and scenic paintings of mountains and nature.

The museum is HUGE and has one of  the biggest collections, so if you want to see a lot of things, come here early, and spend the day!! 

Plus, it's FREE!! but donations are recommended!
The British Museum is definitely a national treasure, I feel proud of it even upon looking at it and once stepping in you can sense the immense respect for history and culture. Within the magnificent walls of this building I have seen a great many wonderful things that I could never imagine seeing including the Rosetta Stone and Egyptian artefacts dating years before BC. All the displays are well preserved and pristine in condition. The building is a joy to behold and browse around in as the ceilings are high and paths are wide, so even with the swarms of people visiting it does not feel suffocating or awkward. The site is also well lit and achieves a welcoming atmosphere. In short, here is everything you could hope for in a national museum, representing the great values of Britain in paying homage to all forms of history, art, culture, language and walks of life.
Amazing...but don't leave any of your precious national cultural heritage behind--it's a bitch to get your stuff back from them. Just ask the Greeks....
Beautiful museum near "Korea town" lol. All the good korean restaurants are in this area. Just a note lol. 

But as for the museum, its beautiful and free. I love the asian- especially the Chinese jade area lol. They are having a asian showcase soon and I wish I could go sooo badly but nonetheless, what I did get to see was beautiful. The middle of the museum is beautiful, the Egyptian part was very intriguing, the ancient greece area that they refuse to give back lol. Def a great place to visit, and hey, ITS FREE! lol. 

Def another must see free museum in London. And if your asian, go find some korean food nearby lol.
One thing I love about London, is there are so many free things to do. This is one of them. 

After years of travelling and a million museums, I rarely visit them any more. For the past few years I've been going through a museum detox and only visit the utmost important one once in my life. 

But since I've been here on more than one occasion means the British Museum houses interesting things.
I've been to the British Museum numerous times. It's great for getting a feel for British colonial history as well as history of the rest of the world.

There are many tours available, some free, some not and they are led by incredibly knowledgable guides. I highly recommend attending one or more during your visit.
Quit reading this and just go. 

I'm not exactly the biggest museum fan, but if I were going back to London and could only visit one place, it would be the British Museum.  If I could only visit two places in London, it would be to visit the British Museum twice.  It's that amazing (mostly as a result of early British colonies and explorers).

Probably best to break up your visit across two or three days... there is only so much that you can digest before your brain overflows.
Put this on your list of London must sees! It is a fantastic museum with plenty of works of art, artefacts that you won't find anywhere else! I'm sorry we weren't able to go again on our trip, but will definitely be back. If you're looking for a nice walk, get off at Leicester Square station and walk to the museum. The best way to experience a city is always on foot (just wear comfortable shoes!).
Beautifully renovated, so spacious with so many interesting artefacts! Very classic and focused on the history...

I went to see the Viking exhibition, which was super busy and was so beautifully curated! To be fair, I love the vikings, but this thing really gave you such a great overview how things looked like.. I assume the standard is so high at all of the other temporary exhibitions..
The refit has been awesome. You can stroll around the main atrium in 10 minutes or linger longer in the exhibition halls. More of a sense of location and space. The architecture is stunning. Put it on  your 'must visit' list.
Amazing museum and exhibition space. The permanent collection is beautiful and the exhibitions are generally very impressive
Much more than the Rosetta Stone.  The British Museum is a bunch of Asian tourists taking selfies with their selfie sticks.  It also stores a bunch of loot stolen over the years by the Brits through the year.  Perhaps best of all it's free.  Once it opens the worst of humanity goes on display with the elderly elbowing youngens running around them "to read" the Rosetta Stone.  Great museum but I will never go to a museum or UNESCO site again till my next life.
One of the top museums in the world. A must see for any museum goer or London visitor.
The British Museum is the greatest Museum in the world, and I say that as someone who's been to my fair share (and can recognise those places with gaps relating to the Artifacts taken to the British Museum!).
It's hard to know where to start reviewing the British Museum, which is the same feeling you have when visiting it. There is so much to see in the museum you would need days to actually take your time and actually read about what you are seeing. We visited it for around 4.5 hours on a honeymoon trip to London. I had high expectations as my wife had loved it on her first visit and Rick Steves said it maybe the best museum in Europe. It is a must do on any trip to London and you definitely can't complain as it's free. In the summer there will be a lot of people around so be prepared to navigate the crowds. This is the case all around the city though so nothing too unexpected. If you really want to soak in the museum I would maybe break it up into a few half days. To see it all would be very tough because there are so many other free museums in London. The history and diverse ness of the museum are quite impressive as you will see artifacts from all over the world. Bring energy and be ready to learn about the last 2000 years plus of the world and you are guaranteed to have a good time.
I'm not a huge history buff, which makes it hard for me to get excited about most museums, but if you find yourself in London, this is a must do. London has a lot of amazing museums and collections, but this one takes that cake. If you only have time to see one, make it this one...if you could only see one more museum in your life...make it this one. 
     As others have mentioned the collection here is just unparalleled. Amazing artifacts from all over the world like preserved Egyptian mummies, Greek sculptures from the Pantheon, Japanese paintings, the Cyrus Cylinder ("the world's first charter of human rights"), and of course the Rosetta Stone.
   It's so extraordinary and vast it's suspicious (or controversial that they even have so many pieces)...but it's free and in London...so if you are in the area, definitely take advantage and go see it. You could easily spend days there if you are really into history and archeology, but for most a few hours or an extended morning is enough to see all of the major artifacts and have an experience you'll never forget.
What can you say about the british!? A classic, it's as good as it claims to be, the only useful thing to do could be giving a couple of advises:
 - Don't try to visit it in one day. Have you ever been to Louvre? well, here is the same: in one day you'll just end up touring around like mad people looking for THE thing, which is kind of stupid as most of the objects in the exhibition halls can be THAT. If you have only one day to spend here, or even less one afternoon (remember, it closes early), just focus on what you want to see, Parthenon marbles, asian collection, arabian world, one of the temporary exhibition (awesome BTW) and just go to look at these, stop. Don't rush, you will end up in becoming a bulimic tourist who can't keep inside him anything he experienced.

PS: on friday it's open till 20:30, an awesome pre dinner!
What a grand, historic and majestic museum!

This is the biggest museum that I have ever been to, I must say! 

I loved the well preserved Greek statues and the Egyptian artifacts!  I couldn't get enough of those two sections!  There are other areas to visit as well, such as Asia, Africa and so forth!

You can spend all day here roaming around! 

You must visit this Museum in the UK if you haven't been before!
Wonderful place to spend a lazy day.
What a great Museum this is, and its free to get in, Its Egyptian and Greek exhibitions are incredible what include Mummys, Stone artefacts, Plus the Rosetta stone is here as well. the main atrium is a wonderful sight as well, Just a superb museum.
The British Museum presents an astounding collection of human history artifacts across eras, countries and empires.  Impossible to see it all in detail in one day.  Although this is museum is completely free, do the right thing and offer a donation.  I mean, you get a chance to see the Rosetta Stone, for crying out loud!  A five pound note (more if history is important to you) is a small price to pay.
Came here today at 10 am. No admission, but a donation is highly recommended. How wonderful that you can come into a museum and there is no outrageous admission fee! The US needs to adopt such a concept so museums are easily accessible to everyone. 

I really wanted to see "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" by Hokusai but it was not on display for the time being =( Nonetheless, we ended up seeing most of the permanent display and bought a ticket to see the special exhibit of Egyptian mummies. The special exhibit was awesome b/c they had CT scans of the mummies on display with great video and informational postings. I would highly recommend this exhibit if you are interested in Egyptian history. 

The highlight of my visit was seeing THE ROSETTA STONE!!!!! Amazing and its a part of their permanent collection so its free to see anytime you are in London.
Amazing place with stunning visual appeal from the moment you enter.  We only had two hours to explore, so we focused our attention on important pieces, such as the Rosetta Stone and Elgin Marbles.  Like many major museums, much controversy surrounds how they acquired these ancient artifacts and whether they should be returned to their home countries. Sure, it is a bit of a shame that they will probably never be returned to Egypt and Greece, but one could argue that they are in a safe place where many millions of people can see and enjoy them.

Note: Admission is free, but donations are definitely in order for such a remarkable place.
Wow what a great museum !  In fact, this has got to be my favorite museum this side of the world.  It doesn't hurt that most of the larger museums in London ARE free of charge to the public, only asking for donations as desired.  

Love the way this museum is laid out as much as the exhibits here.  If you have limited time in London, do yourself a favor...skip the London Eye, skip the other museums...go straight to the British Museum (then catch a show in the evening. :) !!
If you a) choose the right time to go, or b) can wade through tourists, a very good museum. Free entry makes it easy to pop in and see one or two things that are of interest in the permanent exhibitions (which change).

There is so much to see that repeat visits are a must (as it picking up a map - or speaking with a helpful guide!).
By far my favorite museum in London. It is really amazing to see artifacts from Egypt and Greece. It is also free! Definitely a place you must go to if you visit London.
One of my favourite museums.
Being a massive nerd I'm a huge fan of this place and will bring every single one of my friends and family here and I will do it by force if need be.

Welcome to the sanctuary where British colonialism is alive and well because yes, a lot of the stuff in here arrived and has been kept here under fairly dubious circumstances but they do a good job of keeping this place free and accessible for literally everyone to come and see, so I guess you take the good with the bad.

To really appreciate everything, you'd have to spend the entire day here. It's massive and there's really a lot to see because back in the day Britain was kind of a big deal. That was before we all became addicted to tea and talking about the weather. 

Especially fascinating is the section dedicated to Egypt because, mummies anyone? Yeah! I used to want to go to Egypt and then I realised I could see this stuff in London, now I'm just waiting for the British Museum to acquire the Great Pyramid and the entire city of Thebes. I jest... Contrary to popular belief and visitor experience, the mummy of THE Cleopatra is not here but the mummy of A Cleopatra is. Maybe once the lost tomb of Anthony and Cleopatra is discovered they'll end up here alongside the Elgen Marbles, mask of Sutton Hoo and the Rosetta Stone...

It's wonderful to bring kids here, especially if they have inquisitive minds and so many questions to ask that you simply cannot answer. Just tell them that you don't know but you bet the answers are in the British Museum! 

 This place is really brilliant and since it's free you can pop in for a quick browse on your lunch break or while you wait to get to that meeting/lunch/pub p-up/date and it's definitely not something you want to ever leave Britain without having experienced. Think of the knowledge contained within these walls!
loved this museum!! wish i could have spent more time here. wonderful exhibits. definitely dedicate several hours here if you can.
The British Museum was super cool...and it's free!

My wife really loves mummies for some reason, so the museum was a must-see on our London itinerary. The Egyptology wing was amazing, as were the Greek sculptures and Roman pottery. We took selfies with several sarcophagi. Their extensive collection of Ming vases was quite beautiful as well. It was also really awesome seeing the Rosetta Stone in person.

I could write pages and pages about this place, but the bottom line is, just go. You won't regret it.
This is where you want to go.

If you go to one museum in London, go here.

It's baller.

You can't do it all in one day.  So much to see.

You get lost in the history, very interesting.

I particularly like the Egypt / Pharaohs part!!!

And, I also liked the displays of the first money ever used.

Place is baller - BIG TYME.
The British Museum is another one to check off on your London musts list. 

I suggest reserving at the bare minimum two hours of your time to get a better experience of this museum as there are so much to see and appreciate. We had plans later in the afternoon so we unfortunately had to rush through everything. 

Be prepared for many groups of children. While we were there we saw several groups of students (full on classes) in uniforms observing, taking notes including clusters of foreign students. They were all very well-behaved although we did see some isolated on "time out". 

Although donations are encouraged it's hard to believe all of these artifacts and bits of history are available to be viewed by the public for absolutely nothing.
This museum occupied my companion and I for a full half-day. There were so many things to see, so we decided to just see the highlights, by only going to the rooms that were recommended by the map. 

Still, things can be overwhelming, and there are so many things that fascinated me. Mummies, slabs of Assyrian stone, busts of Egyptian pharaohs, and so much more. What's better, is that this place is free!

The crowd can be thick at times, but that just means one needs to wait a little bit to the side, until everyone else in the room disappears and you can quietly admire the Rosetta Stone, all by yourself, for the next 14 seconds.
definitely one of the places to visit if coming to London as a tourist, it can get very busy in the summer of course, but there is so much rich history and so many interactive parts to the museum that it is a must!
Would have loved to spend a whole day here, and that is waht you need to fully appreciate and see everything. The only thing is the rude people who just walk in front of you.
I think I may have to become a member after all. Beautiful building and the setup and lighting etc is just right for enjoying their exhibits.
Amazing place. I was really lucky to live only a 2-3 minute walk away when I was in London so I had the chance to keep going back - and that's definitely needed, since there are so many things to see, and new temporary exhibits are always popping up.

There's always a huge crowd of people around the more famous artifacts such as the Rosetta Stone - beware of giant student groups - but other than that, if you go on a weekday, the crowds aren't /too/ bad. I especially like the Japanese exhibit because it's a) a little hard to find and therefore b) usually very quiet and serene. There's also a good amount of things to see in there (love the fans!) and everything's labeled properly.

Best of all, it's free!! Would definitely recommend.
A  truly tremendous experience if you like museums and reading / listening about the history of the world.  Admission to the museum is free.  Be prepared to spend at least one full day, if not several more, depending on your level of interest in reading all the plaques around the exhibits.  Many of the worlds historical treasures such as the Rosetta stone and others are displayed here.
The British Museum is amazing!  

It can seem really hectic as you approach the gates but once you get through it's quite serene and livley.  It's nice to hang outside on a sunny day.  But don't sit on the steps!  It's not allowed.

Once in the main entrance walk through to the Great Court.  It's beautiful and aweing.  I always like pausing for a while there, it's so stunning.

The permanent displays are free, although a donation is always welcome to keep this institution running.  These include the Egyptian displays, the Elgin Marble and many, many more.

 But then there are also the temporary exhibitions which are very popular.  Always fascinating, intriguing and well themed.  Book in advance though because of their popularity or you could find it's sold out on the day you visit - as I did when I attempted to go to the current Viking exhibition.
Went to see the Pompeii exhibits especially and it was excellent. I think it has now finished, which is a pity. There was a charge to get into the exhibition.
The rest of the museum is free and has First Class exhibits. Well worth a day out.
An excellent museum The British Museum, it really is. AND ITS FREE, I mean who can complain about that? Of course donations are encouraged, welcomed and should be given.

The covered courtyard is impressive and really well done. The building in the centre blends in very well, I think anyway. I've no doubt when it was first mooted and completed it would have had a it's critics.

The catalogue of artefacts they have on display here is immense. The Egyptian section is excellent. The Greek section also amazing. Everything was excellent, there is no point in me reeling off all the parts we went to. My partner mentioned that the Egyptian section was better than the museum he was been to in Cairo. 

The staff were also great too. I was here with a crutch and at times a staff member would see me and show me to the nearest lift for me to use instead of the stairs. 

If you are in London and trying to decide which of the many attractions to go to, I recommend that The British Museum should be top of your list.
The first thing is that this place is free to enter, so there is absolutely no reason for you to not stop by this famous museum. We only came here for the first time with about 1 hour to spare. The guided map shows you the essentials that you have to see before you leave, which is completely doable within 1 hour. We saw amazing artifacts and arts from all over the world. The museum itself is divided based on region and continents in the world. If you have not been to any museum yet in London, I would recommend to start with this one as the overall museum is well-designed, even for those who are usually not fans of museum tours. I highly recommend this place to kick off anyone's visit to London!
First of all, admission is FREE, so there is no excuse not to go. The British Museum is absolutely the best museum in London. There is so much to see (it's nearly impossible to see everything in a day), but some of the most famous items are the Rosetta Stone, Portland Vase, and Elgin Marbles.
Wow, such a spectacular museum...focusing on human history and culture, this museum has a ton of items spanning the centuries and the continents.  Due to time, I wasn't able to enjoy this museum as much as I would have liked (I was there for 2  1/2 hours and still needed much more time to see everything!).

The Rosetta Stone and Parthenon Marbles are some of the most controversial pieces in the museum and definitely worth seeing.  Give yourself a lot of time to really enjoy everything since there is a lot to see and experience.
British Museum in London reminds me a lot of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NY and of the Pushkin Museum in Moscow - unparalleled art collections spinning centuries of history and human development presented in a simple, yet labyrinth-like format helping the visitor to not just look at the historical objects but to experience time and space of long-long ago.  If you have a spare day, I highly recommend getting lost amongst the exhibits in this absolutely fabulous museum.  

I usually like browsing through the Greek collection, following spending time amongst the mummies and devoting a half-hour or so to partaking tea and finger sandwiches at a café upstairs.  If you are not a tea person, the Museum Pub across the street has really good ale.

While I have been to the British Museum several times, I am yet to absorb their entire collection.  Overall, a magnificent museum experience!
Based on the exhibits, the crowds, easiness of navigation, I would have given this place four stars.  The reason I want to give the fifth one is because the British Museum offers access to nearly all of the exhibits free of charge.  Yes, when you walk in they ask you to make a donation (most people drop a few bucks in when they leave), but they don't pressure you to do so.

The Rosetta Stone was a hugely popular exhibit.  Although my favorite was definitely the Assyrian Exhibit - it's so well displayed that I could almost imagine myself in ancient Assyria.

They did sell maps at the door for £2, but you can get free ones for £1 a little ways in. A lot of people do return them so that they can be reused, so make sure to take good care of them. If there are a few key things you want to see here, than 1-2 hours is plenty of time.  However, if you're as excited about everything as I was, you may need more than four hours easily.  If you're debating between doing anything in London and a trip to this museum, make sure you choose this.  Best part of my trip by far!
The British Museum - Culture and art at its finest!

I travel to London almost annually and find myself at the British Museum attending one of their exhibitions and strolling through the galleries.  My favourite is the Chinese and Asian galleries.  What an extensive and comprehensive collection from early China BC to more recently.

The Egyptian exhibit is phenomenal too.

The entrance fee is donation based, which is great, and I always donate!

This is a must visit, for local and tourists alike!
This is one of the top museums in the world.  IN THE WORLD.  All those stories I heard when I was a kid and what I learned in school about antiquities held at this museum were all true.  What an amazing collection of Egyptian artifacts, Greek, and East Asian items!  Seeing the Rosetta stone for the first time was absolutely cool.  It was smaller than I anticipated, but amazing nonetheless.  The Elgin Marbles were quite a sight, as I imagined them on the Parthenon.  All of it entirely cool.  

Unfortunately, I was only able to spend about 2.5 hours at this museum, which clearly requires at least a full day or more to appreciate its items and history!  Hopefully the next time I'm in London, I can spend a bit longer at the Museum!
Thanks to the complete debacle in getting to Greenwich, we ended up with only about 2 hours to explore this wonderful museum.  But because entry is free, yes F-R-E-E, any amount of time is well-spent.

In our brief visit, we had a chance to see just portions of the Roman, Greek, and Egyptian collections.  While my husband was enthralled with the Rosetta Stone, I particularly enjoyed the mummified kitties!

Allow at least a day to experience this museum, otherwise, grab a guidebook and choose only what's at the top of your list.  It's easy to get side-tracked.  Definitely a must see for any museum lover.  I'm just a museum liker.
First time here. Seems like a great museum and the majority of the exhibits are free. Way too extensive to do in one day. I saw the Japanese sex in art exhibit (7£) which was very well done. That alone took about two hours. My energy was weaning at that point due to jet lag and hunger so I decided to leave after that. I'll be back again for sure though. Definately a must do attraction.
My Lord...

Just one artifact here would merit an entire exhibit in the States.

I love museums and make a point of visiting them frequently on vacation.  But I've never seen anything that rivals the British Museum.

A million mummies!

Creepily preserved human bodies!

Massive Assyrian statues!

Egyptian treasures!

Priceless Greek statues!

Everywhere you turn, there's something amazing to see.  It's as if most of the world's great civilizations got together and sent their treasures here.  (Except that various explorers and conquerors stole them, so there's that.)

I spent close to five hours here and barely scratched the surface.  Simply amazing.

AND IT'S FREE.

Protip: Check the stairwells to see if you can track down one of the free folding stools they provide.  It makes it much easier to explore when you can sit down now and then.
LOVE the British museum - it's a massive maze of wonderful historical artifacts, and I honestly can't believe that it's free. It's a must see if you're in London, and absolutely if you're a fan of museums. Definitely allocate a good chunk of the day to spend here, because you're not going to want to leave!

You can buy an audio tour or a special map/tour guide, but I would pass - the audio tour seemed to highlight random things on display, and the voice tended to drone on for a lot longer than it needed. Much better to just get lost in the museum and read the placards yourself. They have an awesome selection of Egyptian and Mesopotamian artifacts, as well as some great Greek and Roman displays. 

The gift shop is really cool and has all the fun tourist miscellanea that you could want.
You say you love Antiquities??? Well Guvnah I have the place for you.

The British Museum has the most amazing collection of Egyptian, Assyrian, Babylonian, Levant, Roman, Greek....blah blah blah.....pieces.

Large pieces some that are humongous. 

I really loved the Rosetta stone and all of the mummies and their sarcophaguss.

Prepare to spend at least 3-4 hours for a minimal experience.

Highly recommend.
One of the best museums of the world.  Come early and expect to spend a full day
The British Museum is amazing. There is so much to see, you could spend a month looking at the exhibits.  This has to be the best Museum in the world there's so much history here.  I wish I had more days to explore it. If you love history and if you like museums do not miss this museum.
A very fun museum! i would recommend starting at the top and working your way down. As the cool Mummy's and things are up the top, and i was too tired after spending 3hours there to actually venture up that far. 

I will definitely be going back to see the mummy's at a later stage.

Also another quick tip, the grounds surrounding the Museum are beautiful and there are quite a few places to sit and eat, so i would recommend bringing a packed lunch and sitting in the grounds to eat it before venturing in.
Any single wing of the British Museum would suffice as a world-class treasury in its own right. To have it all in one place ... to stroll around the corner and see the freaking Rosetta Stone (not the language software package to help you impress foreign girls, the actual stone), pop down another hallway to find exceptionally preserved mummies, manuscripts and artifacts from all over the world and all over time ... It may well be the best of them all. You will need far more than a single day to appreciate the entire collection, so pick what you're most interested in and get started early.

Just to throw out a few highlights we enjoyed in particular:

1. They do have the vast majority of the surviving statues from the Parthenon. While it's simultaneously impressive (because of the number of statues) and depressing (because of the amount of damage), it's also hysterically funny to read the museum guide where the UK justifies why it is that they happen to possess so many priceless Greek treasures. The argument essentially boils down to "You know what, Greece? We bought these statues fair and square from the Turks when they'd conquered your butts, and we're keeping them. And besides, you'd have just screwed it up anyway." It's as if Italy was displaying artifacts from the White House, and since they'd gotten them from the UK when the British were busy burning down Washington DC in 1812, they considered it completely legitimate. I'm not taking sides on that debate, but it is definitely some amusing literature.

2. The Assyrian and other Mesopotamian collections are the best and most complete I've ever heard of, bar none. These civilizations get short shrift because they just don't have the religious fanbase they used to, but it's definitely worth a look at the era's cultural syncretism and dynamism (by syncretism and dynamism, I of course mean that cultures and religions steal from each other all the time and then insist they did nothing of the sort).

3. In honor of my wife's late grandmother, we had a very nice high tea in the museum's cafe. I'm no judge as to whether or not it was particularly good quality, but the tea tasted great and the food was exactly what one would expect to be served at said tea. A touristy but fun experience.
The best museam I have ever visited!! The roof design of the museam is mind blowing and the endless fascinating artifacts... They also have guided tours given by volunteers. I once went on one given in the China section and learned so much!! I would 100 % recommend this for tourists and locals!!
Im still amazed at how amazing and wonderful the museum was. The Egyptian artifacts mummies, and other figures and statues are the best part in my mind...and best of all its all free (of course you should always make a donation of course).

If you are in London it is worth checking out without a doubt, there are audio guides that are very handy and in many different languages to choose from as well. As always get there early to avoid crowds it does get Very busy.
Loved this museum. Dare I say that this was perhaps one of my favorite museum ever? Yes, I dare say that! It was absolutely amazing to see numerous valuable World history pieces including ancient empire doors, the Rosetta Stone, part of the Sphinx beard, remnants of the Pompei etc. being housed under the same roof. It is free to get into the museum, which means I got to go there twice during my week long visit in London :-)
There are no words for its pure AWESOMENESS! I spent a whole day there during my trip to London and only got to see maybe half of it. This is a museum that EVERYONE has to see.
Okay, yes. Five Stars, Three Hundred Sixteen Reviews. We get it, the British Museum is the bomb diggity. It's been drawing locals and tourists alike for centuries, is filled with anything you can imagine, YES, the Rosetta Stone, and is beautifully designed. Let me give you the run down on the things to consider in your visit, even though it's going to be as much five-stars for you as it was for me.

1. Temperature outside. The building is old, poorly heated and insulated. Prepare with layers!

2. Lines! I'm not sure if it would be better to turn up early in the morning, but the crowds are crazy. Wear comfy shoes, and be prepared to stand around waiting for the "money shot," especially of things like the Stone.

3. Organization. So many galleries, so many things to see. Pick a route, or figure out where you want to go, because wandering means getting stuck among the tourists (or, for you tourists, among yourselves!)

Other than that, enjoy, soak it in. The British Museum is the best history in the world, all set up and ready for you to enjoy.
Can't say I have much to add except that if you are in London then this place is a must. Give yourself at least an entire day to get through it. There is a nice cafeteria style café you can have lunch at. The fact that this museum is free is quite astounding. The only downside? On a hot summer's day, the museum isn't quite a reprieve from the heat, especially upstairs.
Amazing!  If you're interested in seeing works from Greece, Egypt, and Mesopotamia dating back to 7500 BC, then plan to spend the day at this amazing museum.  You won't be disappointed.  Just seeing the Rosetta Stone is worth the trip.  And it's free!
The Met's (slightly evil, but equally very grand) twin across the pond. I came in here expecting to find it deeply problematic, what with the whole colonial "we stole everything you see here" thing. But instead I got an audio tour and proceeded to get verklempt at the beauty and grandeur of it all. NAY, at the beauty and grandeur of HUMAN CULTURE ITSELF. Because it really is phenomenal; the British Museum really captures something amazing. It's more than the sum of its (stolen, ahem) goods. 

I did the Ancient Egypt and Korea tours (paid for by Korean Air? honestly, that Korean section was a bit strange - though I did betroth myself to a moon jar, oh, how I love that moon jar) and I honestly felt tears springing in my eyes. The tours are so well done: they give you tiny maps and little accompanying music to guide you to your next stop on the tour, it all feels very Star Trek. They invite you to examine the item, and they teach you about it (without overwhelming you). 

I ditched the audio tour and then wandered through the Africa section - another area I thought would be problematic. Instead, I was pleasantly surprised at their presentation of contemporary African art; emphasizing the innovative and new, rather than the whole "this is Anansi the trickster god, and this is a clay pot, THE END" narrative, which I usually find in Western museums.

My only two, relatively small critiques:
- I went on a Monday, 2pm, in the dead of summer and it was PACKED. It was almost unvisitable, it was so incredibly, densely packed with touristy humanity. I don't know if this ever lets up (I expect not), but imagining this place with some breathing room - aaah. *That* would be heaven.
- There was almost NUFFIN' on the Pacific. And I KNOW the British colonized those islands as well. So why nothing on Polynesian/Micronesian/Melanesian cultures? So sad. 

Oh yes, and it's free. Which is interesting, from a meta perspective.
I like the fact that on Friday this museum is open till 8 p.m. This is quite convenient. I recommend you to visit this museum. And also I'm planning to attend a conference about the life and dead in modern Mexico in the middle of August.
I have always loved this museum.  This trip was the first time with my kids and I should have brought along a guide/book because there is very little information and if you're trying to hit not only "the most important stuff" but understand a bit about them, it's not so easy with the info that they have available.   The museum is wonderful, and there is so much to see, usually we just wander through the rooms and some things that we want to further investigate will present themselves to us - I think it's the only stress free way to do these incredible museums on limited time.
I could spend a life time here. I spend two days here and couldn't see it all. Soaking up all the history and learning. Explore and discover. 
Ancient Greece exhibit. and my Favorite Egyptian Exhibit. see and get close to real mummies.
Don't forget to take a moment to eat at the restaurant up stairs. Good food and great area to sit and relax.
This is quite a museum.  And it's F-R-E-E!

The collections here are extensive, and are very often presented beautifully, such as the Egyptian collection.  They also have a clock room that's unlike anything I've ever seen--just cool clock after cool clock after cool clock.  That room both looks and sounds amazing.

You could easily spend hours here, so it's a good thing they have a cafe here with tempting baked goods.  There are also multiple gift shops that serve as their own form of entertainment.

There are free tours available, as well, but the timing and topics are very specific.  So you might target a specific tour, or just see what's on when you show up.

Be sure to say hi to Cleopatra!
Incredible museum full of so many interesting and diverse exhibits. If you haven't been before (and even if you have) it's a must see.
I think I must have visited twenty times, and each time you discover something extraordinary and new. I would never hesitate in saying that the British Museum is the best museum in the world with an incredible collection of cultural treasures of unsurpassed depth and breadth. As a native, I have always taken the free entry for granted but reading other reviews, I should appreciate this extraordinary fact more. The special exhibitions are often described as "blockbuster", and that is an apt word for them. The First Emperor exhibition in 2007 was spectacular, as were the Moctezuma and Pompeii exhibitions. Obviously these come with pretty hefty price tags but somehow I've managed to bag a £25/yr membership so these are all free. Blockbusters aside, first rate exhibitions such as Ice Age Art come out no where, completely unknown worlds made vitally real through the objects, relics and treasures of our ancestors.

Elgin Marbles and Rosetta Stone aside, they are rightfully pride of place in the Museum, but hunt down lesser known marvels. Room 40 has the Lewis Chessmen with their perfectly formed glum faces made from narwhal horns. In Room 51 is the Mold gold cape, an object I'd very much like a replica of to feel like a druid on the way to the shops. Also, in the less well trodden galleries you get to walk around and have a private conversation without encountering a single snaking tourist group. I feel like I'm in a spy thriller meeting a source on the 5th floor Japanese gallery, quietly muttering intel amongst the lacquer boxes. Maybe that's just me. Yes? Ok. The British Museum, like the BBC and NHS, is a treasure of the nation, and it will hopefully continue to serve the public for hundreds of years to come.

- 30th June 2014 -
 I paid a visit to the Viking Exhibition a few weeks back and was very much looking forward to checking out the new exhibition centre. The exhibition was great but the new specialised housing it sits in feels somehow lacking. Maybe I miss the bizarre Reading Room exhibition layout with the wobbly floors and glancing views of Grade I listed shelves, but the new venue feels chilly and impersonal. It's also oddly proportioned: final week crowds and a smaller than expected space making the Exhibition Centre feel poky and claustrophobic. I hope this was a matter of curation rather than permanent design. I understand that a large part of the extension was for "state of the art" research and preservation facility, but the exhibition space is the public facing part of it, and for me that maybe it doesn't work as well as it should do.
Purused the halls, saw the highlights, info staff very helpful. Touch antiquity, have a snack, marvel the audacity...
A must go while your in London! There are a lot of Egyptian artifacts to see, including the Rosetta Stone, which was simply epic. It is free to get in (though special exbitions do cost money) and it is simply huge. The building is also old and pretty. The gift shop is also kinda cool; it has all of the obligatory knicknacks but it also has some cool prints etc which make great gifts.
I would happily recommend the British museum to any visitor to London or a native who hasn't been efore. Admission is free and there is so much to see from Egyptian mummies to a poor fella who got dumped into a tar pit and bronze age artifacts. One visit isn't enough to see everything.
I just can't wait to go and visit the Villas, Vines and Volcanoes. Also I'm quite interested in Animals in Pompeii and Herculaneum. The second event will be on the 27 of May. I'm looking forward to going there with my little cousin Ella.
One of my top five museums in the world, no visit to London is complete without getting your culture on at the British Museum. Three times to London, three visits to the BM, I can't get enough (and some peeps have the nerve to call me "uncultured"! What the fuck do they mean? (jk))
Home of the Portland Vase, the Rosetta Stone and Elgin Marbles (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Elgin_Marbles_British_Museum.jpg) (for the time-being as Greece has long claimed the marbles were stolen). Not that the English would take anything that didn't belong to them but there are more mummies here than anywhere in Egypt. And then without Napoleon's troops playing with a cannon, we wouldn't have "discovered" the link to deciphering hieroglyphics without the Rosetta Stone prominently displayed here. 

From primitive times (even prior to the Sutton Hoo ship burial) the museum's collection spans all cultures and all ages to the present day. Greek and Roman art, Celtic gold, Japanese paintings and swords, African textiles...plan to spend at least a full day here, maybe more. We can all use as much culture as we can ingest. And don't concern yourself over the price cuz its free! Truly a museum for the world, it is the "most famous museum in the world." It opened to the public in 1759.

And then there is the "Museum Pub" just across the street for a different type of culture, a culture of pub fare and a cool Newcastle.

(try to see it before Athens get their marbles back, or England loses it's marbles, however you want to look at it)
My girlfriend loves art so we went there last Sunday. I thought It's going to be just another boring Sunday, but I was amazed.The variety and scale of the collection was 
incredible. I was also so impressed that the whole thing was free. I highly recommend it !
Update:
I went here for the second time with some visiting friends and they were mostly impressed by the exhibition we caught. I am bumping my rating to five stars because the museum deserves it.
For anyone who is visiting London, or who lives in the London area, this is one of the must go to attractions. It is simply huge, and from the moment you enter you get a sense of its grandeur. One piece of advice though, if you intend to get through most of the Museum, I would put one whole day aside if possible. There is just so much to get through. There are artefacts from so many different eras such as Ancient Egypt, Greece and Roman times. This is just a taster of what you will see and other eras are covered too such as the Ice age, bronze age etc. Admission is free and the shop is great too. Simply stunning. Five Stars!
One of the best historical collections in the world and admission is free! Unbelievable.

We only had time to walk through the Egyptian collection on the ground floor and on the third floor but we enjoyed it thoroughly.

Excellent museum shop with a variety of price points and items, for every taste. Particularly good selection of jewelry and apparel (such as scarves and ties).

The main entrance/courtyard is extremely modern, with a very minimalist but well catered cafeteria on the far corner.
Hands on the best museum I have ever been too... The BM is huge with artifacts from all over the world and every era in human history. I could spend days in here!
I absolutely love, love this museum.  I can't decide whether I like the British Museum or the National Gallery more.  It's a toss up. This museum houses the Rosetta Stone, which I wasn't able to see due to the number of people crowding around it. But that's ok, because there were tons of other statues to occupy my time.  I spent a day there, and that was barely enough to see everything.  

They have an impressive Egyptian collection. There are sculptures and busts of famous pharaohs. They have a lot of Greek statues as well. There were different reliefs and one particular piece that really stuck with me were three statues of Greek goddesses standing on what reminds me of the Parthenon.  You'll also find examples of Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian columns.  

I also like the architecture of the building. I love the bright natural light coming from the skylight in the main building.  The main building is circular with a wide stairway that leads up to the second story. I don't know about everyone else, but I feel happy when I'm there because the room is bright and big.  

This is a must visit place while visiting London. It's full of culture and history, beautiful sculptures and architecture.  And a huge bonus that it's free.  I highly, highly recommend spending a day here.
It has the Rosetta Stone!  Lots and lots of neat exhibits. Free to enter.
The British Museum takes my breath away.
If you are visiting London, put this museum on your to do list.
There is a TON of things to see here and not enough time to see it all. We spent maybe three hours here and I felt like we only saw half of the museum. There is an extensive collection of artifacts from all around the world, but definitely go see the Rosetta Stone and the Elgin Marbles and take the time to wander from room to room, enjoying all of the history in this building.

The best part? Like most of the other museums in the area, this one is free. A must-go while you're in London.
This is a must if you are in London.  If you must visit two museums, then i recommend the Museum of London and the British Museum.  It has an enormous collection of artifacts from around the world, some more than 4000 years old.  Excellent job of explaining and organizing the artifacts.  Reserve two hours for this museum.
Great place and you can learn many things about British history.
Free.  Full of history.  I'm in.

Housed in a massive building, the British Museum was a must-see even on my short visit to London.  Made a quick trip through the galleries; spent an hour but you could surely spend a day.  The Rosetta Stone, the Elgin Marbles, assorted statues and artifacts from around the world... I was in awe the whole time I was there.  Hopefully I'll get back and spend more time.
I was in London for 1 week and it wasn't nearly enough time to check out the city.  We decided to stop into The British Museum one afternoon, after we got lost on foot for nearly an hour trying to find it, so unfortunately, when we actually did arrive... we only had but a couple of hours to tool around this magnificent palace of wonder.  I could've easily spent a full day here and not been bored for a nanosecond.

I love that most, if not all, of the museums in England are FREE.  Yup.. F-R-E-E.  Especially in London, one of the most expensive cities in the world, travelers can certainly appreciate not having to spend money to enjoy themselves for hours on end. Walking into the B.M. was probably one of the best free things I've ever done.  

You can snap pictures, no problem.  There are hardly any chains or ropes confining you to only certain areas of the museum.  I mean, you could literally walk up and touch a Greek statue if you wanted to; not that I'd recommend it and not that i did it, but you could... that's all I'm sayin'.  

The British Museum offers up an extensive and somewhat overwhelming amount of amazing ancient artifacts from all over the world.  By far the most memorable pieces I saw were the Greek and Roman sculptures and the Rosetta Stone; I mean, you see pictures of these things but then to actually see them in real life, the sheer capacity of them is mind blowing and the fact that they're thousands of years old gives me chills.

Even the ceiling in the Great Court  is a work of art in itself.  It is the largest covered public square in Europe; the steel and glass framing makes for some great photographs.
This is one of the best museums in the world, because it houses many important archaeological finds.  This museum is at the top of my list along with the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, DC.

Plan on spending a whole day if you want to browse through every room.  I only spent half a day there and was rushing to get through each room.  The Asian and African sections were not so interesting to me, because comparable relics in those sections can be found in other museums.  The Greek, Roman, Egyptian, and Assyrian sections were more interesting, because there are some relics in those sections that are not paralleled anywhere else in the world.

While I was walking through the British Museum I was in awe in the power of the British Empire when they were roaming the Earth collecting these relics.

I recommend that you compile a list of must-see highlights when you visit.  Some highlights I was interested in seeing were:
1. Rosetta Stone
2. Siege of Lachish Reliefs
3. Elgin Marbles
4. Easter Island Statue
My second trip to London, I finally got to see the British Museum and it was pretty awesome.  We went on a Friday night to take advantage of the late open hours (to 7 PM) especially during the short winter daylight hours.   Even then, we only had about 2.5 hours to spend in the museum and we used ever last minute of it.  There were so many things to see that at the end, we were rushing through and to the exhibits on the top of our list.

And it's free.... In a high costing city such as London, quite refreshing...
Basically all the stuff the British stole from the rest of the world during the times of the empire- amazing collection of history from all eras the stoneage to modern times. The weight of the collection- intellectually- is absolutely awe inspiring. We spent the better part of the day there and I wish we could have stayed longer or gone back. The docents were very knowledgeable and friendly- our daughter even got to hold some handmade tools that were from caveman days- a definite hightlight from our trip to the UK.
This may be the best "free" thing I've ever done.  This museum is large, but not overwhelming, and very well organized.  The museum opened in 1759 and has some of the most amazing exhibits I've ever seen.  The Egyptian exhibits are beautiful.  The highlight for me was the Rosetta Stone exhibit.

I've been to many museums all over the world, but this one is at the top of my list because you can see so much in such a short amount of time.  It is easy to navigate and really beautiful inside.

If you are in London, this would be at the top of my "must see" list.
Free.

Spent hours in here seeing some really old stuff. Really cool old stuff.

You can take pictures too so snap at your hearts desire because maybe you want a photo with that giant lioness that used to guard some Pharaoh's tomb. 

Egyptian mummy casks. Giant statues from Greece, Egypt. 

The British have managed to take a little bit from everywhere and place it in this museum for you all to see. Basically every culture is represented in some form.

They also have free tours if you arrive during the earlier part of opening hours.
Impressive huge collection of art sculptures and so on from different world civilisations such as Greek, Egypt, Asia, South America etc. The Assyrian powerful sculptures are particularly admirable. The entrance is free but you can donate if you want.
Really fantastic place with milions of intersting subjects to be seen, one of my favourite in London.
Ok, so I love this place. I always make it a point to hang out when I am in London, even if only for a brief visit to the Sutton Hoo find. 

It really honestly has something for everyone. If you are into sculpture, then go hang out with the Greek stuff. If Indiana Jones was your hero growing up, take your little self to the Egyptology, Middle Eastern, Ancient China..... well any of the ancient civilizations really. If you have dreams of the great Irish storytellers of yore, haul booty to Celtic section. There are even enough nicknacks to please any potential hoarders. 

The special exhibits can be amazingly neat. The last time I was there is it was Spanish paintings from the Renaissance to Goya. AWESOME!!!! 

GO, I tell you. GO!!!!!!
BLOODY HELL! This museum is magnificent! 

It is free and opening daily from 10am to 5:30pm. It is HUGE. You could spend hours and hours in here and will not get bored. They have lots of "original" collections and also "brought over" certain collections from other parts of the world. 

It can get super crowded during the day so come here early in the morning to avoid the crowd.
I used to love in London and visit this place every month, I really miss it now. I love museums and i think from this one you can learn a great deal about our past.
The museum is free, so you don't feel you have to spend hours in there to get your money's worth. I go regularly and always see something interesting that I haven't seen before. It's worth going even just to see the building if nothing else :-)
Amazing architecture and thousands upon thousands of artifacts. A MUST if you're visiting London!

My friend & I were only going to spend 2 or 3 hours in the British Museum but we ended up staying here for at least half the day...

I am in love :)
Extensive. Marvelously curated (practically gleaming) exhibits that make you want to go back from time to time to just marvel at the artifacts- be it of Islamic pottery, bronze relics from China, Lord Elgin's/Parthenon marbles, or the Rosetta Stone. 

When it's off season, and the hoards of tourists are less pronounced than before, the British Museum's a lovely place to relax or to seek shelter in on a rainy day.
Just a great place to visit. A good variety of antiquities from many places and times.  The Rosetta stone was the star of the show.  Hard to get in on the action there. You have to be a bit forceful and push your way through the crowd. The best part about this museum is that it's free.  Any Tom, Dick or Harry can stroll right in and enjoy priceless art.  The bad- so far away from home and hopefully the home countries don't decide to push the issue and take all their treasures back anytime soon.
How to see everything in a short amount of time was our dilemma. Well, not everything but we had our priorities and a bus to catch to the airport in ninety minutes!

Seriously, I think I could have spent that time just wandering about but I knew what I wanted to see up close and set about first by asking a docent. The Rosetta Stone was surrounded but I did get a clear view in a moment's time. 

Within minutes of arriving, I discovered members of our group who had stashed their luggage with our leader and former pastor in the lobby of our hotel. One of our members had taught children ancient history for many years and was delighted to see objects right in front of her. Fortunately, her daughter Kim kept us moving along with a guide and an eye to the time.

This quick visit had me knowing that I would be back. The Elgin Marbles were beyond beautiful. The ancient game from Ur enthralled us trying to figure out what was the meaning of the game. We saw so much and so little.

Go there if you want to see treasures from around the world. Think as we discussed; is it right to take these treasures or would they still be around to enjoy today?
Unbelievable! My favourite museum to date, done very well and simple to navigate to areas of interest if you don't have a lot of time. Aside from the legality of who owns the pieces, I think the British museum are excellent caretakers allowing the rest of the world to view such well-preserved history.
We love this museum! Whenever possible we pay the Moai a visit. The architecture is just breathtaking. There is always something to discover. The museum shops are great as well with items that you cannot get anywhere else, from serious souvenirs and replicas to fun stuff. Enjoy!
do you seriously need to yelp this place? of course you should go

it's also funny to see all the things that british colonialists pillaged from other nations  ;P
The British Museum is an amazing place to spend a Sunday afternoon in. It is like going to another era.
What can I say.This is the British Museum  a truly great place where one can learn alot.
I regard the British Museum as one of the best museums in the world. Sometimes it's mind boggling to think about how large the British Empire once was but coming here reminds you of that. Lots of diverse pieces and some pretty great exhibits.
Great museum and it's free! You'll need two or three afternoons to see it all though because it covers practically the entirety of Western history. Still, given that it's free it's definitely worth at least one visit.
An amazing museum with one of the best layouts in the world. The Library of King George III is truly outstanding.

During my visit, there was a brilliant series called "A History of the World in 100 Objects" that explored world history from two million years ago to the present. Also it's free, they have a Moai statue and the *actual* Rosetta stone.
One of the greatest museums in the world and you can get in for FREE!  How great is that?!

I love museums, and this is one of my all-time favorites.  The first time I came here, I didn't know what to expect.  I wandered around in a jet-lagged haze, and suddenly found myself standing in front of *THE* freaking Rosetta Stone!  I hadn't done my research and didn't even know it would be there.  What a wonderful surprise.  It's amazing to stand directly in front of some of history's masterpieces.

There are so many great things to see here, as many Yelpers before me have more eloquently detailed.  However, my favorite things at The British Museum are also perhaps the most controversial:  the so-called Elgin Marbles. I appreciate that the Earl of Elgin wanted to ensure their survival, and yes, they may not have even existed today if they had been left in Greece. They are truly breathtaking, but I feel they belong in their homeland.  Okay, I'm going to get off my soapbox now.

If you are even mildly interested in museums, you absolutely must visit the British Museum.  There is something for all lovers of beauty here.  You will not be disappointed, even if you have as little as an hour to spend.
So you think you have seen or been up close and next to some of the most important finds in history? Well if you have been here to the British Museum, I am sure that you have. My absolute favorite thing about this Museum was being able to see and be up close to the Rosetta Stone. Let alone being next to a number of items that were in excess of 3,000 years old.

This museum has the best Egyptian exhibit I have ever seen. They also have a huge amount of Greek, Phoenician, Celtic, Norse, and Gaelic items just to name a few. It is stunning to see and learn about these peoples of long ago. I spent a day here and it wasn't enough time, but just wandering around a museum looking at all these artifacts can become wearisome. I don't think I could have gone 3-4 days in a row looking through this place.

Pro Tip: Those who do not know History are doomed to repeat it!

This place isn't all just statues and busts. They actually have tools, swords, wooden items, etc that are thousands of years old. I literally marveled at the lacquered Egyptian Canopic jars. The artwork and precision were awesome. I believe that much of the jewelry that was wrought in ancient times is simply unparalleled today. I'm lost in awe looking at things from scarabs to necklaces, helms to oxen yoke's, statues to entire building facades. 

Pro Tip #2: It's free to visit the main halls of this museum. Some exhibits are not, but by and large it is free!

This may be my favorite museum in the world that I have been to. I have seen some of the Chinese Terra Cotta warriors horses and a cart from Xian, all kinds of dinosaur stuff, the Smithsonian Air & Space and Science museums, etc etc... nothing so far has been as impressive as the British Museum. If I was at Xian and able to view the entire Terra Cotta army, in the Valley of the Kings/Giza Plateau, Machu Pichu, Angkor Wat, Borobudur,  or one of the Aztec/Mayan complexes in Central America perhaps I would feel different. I am just blown away by this museum though. I know the other places are all special, but they are more monuments to a single civilization whereas the British Museum crosses hundreds of cultures and times.

Consequently, if you are in London and have a free day, I would say you are a fool not to go check this place out. It is simply awe inspiring and amazing!
The British Museum is a must-see for tourists and people who live in London alike.  

Pros:

- It's free! (they also hold rotating exhibitions which you have to pay for)
- There's a reading room and a library with an amazing glass ceiling
- The great court : A wide open space as your walk into the museum, full glass ceiling
- Great place to sit read and get taken to different cultures and past histories, from ancient Egypt to Asia
- There's a cafe to get food/ coffee
- It's located in central London and easy to get to
- Friendly staff

Cons:
- Weekends get very busy (beware of the big groups of school trippers)
- Controversy over whether the artefact's belong in the gallery or their native countries, British Museum refuses to return any artifact 
- You won't be able to see everything in one day
- You may leave slightly in awe and wanting to be reincarnated to live in a past life!

It's great if you're a student, family, a tourist, a passer-by with nothing to do - I can't see a reason you wouldn't enjoy this place, and it's all yours for no Pennies, no Dollars, no Yen, no Euros, No  Pesos - nothing! Enjoy.
House of Parliament w/Big Ben
Tower (London) Bridge 
Buckingham Palace
Trafalgar Square
Westminster Abbey (Where William and Kate got married)

By far The British Museum was my absolute favorite with it's collection of artifacts from the beginning of human civilization.  

From Ancient Egypt and Greece to Asia, Africa, and the America's, it's all here under one roof FOR FREE. I can see why some people call this the top museum in the world. Despite the large crowds, I love that it never felt too crowded and we were able to browse leisurely. 

Some of my favorite exhibits. 
Entrance (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=Lq7ZkUm7JDZLlMlFXJxr7w#Lq7ZkUm7JDZLlMlFXJxr7w)
Great Court (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=zXPvZux1h93zUZiXs5OnZw#zXPvZux1h93zUZiXs5OnZw)
*RAMASSES II (1250BC) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=tICkC2jlOQc5YuGHvX1lhQ#tICkC2jlOQc5YuGHvX1lhQ)
*EASTER ISLAND STATUE (1000AD) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=uGu88SNCcleHQOxXYQ0L0Q#uGu88SNCcleHQOxXYQ0L0Q)
*EGYPTIAN SCARAB (330BC) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=u3ZavUZgjxL2wnEgBhj5SQ#u3ZavUZgjxL2wnEgBhj5SQ)
*THE ROSETTA STONE (196 BC) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=3-y_zEz_XYTx_EBWpMkh5g#3-y_zEz_XYTx_EBWpMkh5g)
*Colossal red granite statue of AMENHOTEP III (1350 BC)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=LuBG0rs2pPnkU4_pu_R52g#LuBG0rs2pPnkU4_pu_R52g)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=4T6H2uoZPHzdX2Nta0EbmQ#4T6H2uoZPHzdX2Nta0EbmQ)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=wTpucOhQiorhQ6Wpnmp3lA#wTpucOhQiorhQ6Wpnmp3lA)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=uuIQlQ4EvVtQTAElKkqdEg#uuIQlQ4EvVtQTAElKkqdEg)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=Cati2fRolTHjFWj9SBmHiA#Cati2fRolTHjFWj9SBmHiA)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=bsNLCeNzCS3i3rjTx1ohpQ#bsNLCeNzCS3i3rjTx1ohpQ)
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=xP2nd1ryi4cRWJvWcCZrOQ#xP2nd1ryi4cRWJvWcCZrOQ)


Walking through these halls is surreal. They don't even overcharge for food and their souvenir shop is excellent. Must see attraction. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=WQV9mzwT_EpyE2PuaEtQnQ#WQV9mzwT_EpyE2PuaEtQnQ)
Free museum. Check.
Lots of artifacts. Check.
Bustling. Check.
History. Check.

This has to be one of the best museums in the world and it's taken me so long to visit but I finally made it for a flying visit. Will be sure to check it out again.

The roof is an amazing vista.
Egyptian and Roman pieces galore. Wonder how they all managed to make their way to this museum?!! lol

Check it out - you could come many days and not see it all.
There is so much to take in. I always go with a mind to look at something in particular. Last time it was the olympic medals that will be awarded in the london Olympics. Very impressive. 
And then I just sit in the white foyer and stare at the ceiling in awe for a while, buy a postcard and leave.
Wonderful interior, collection, gift shop. Forget all the tourist shops, you can buy all your souvenirs here.
Truly a beautiful museum. It was huge and probably my favorite museum out of the ones we saw whilst in London. The Rosetta Stone is here, along with the Parthenon and they put that together so well! Tons of Egypt artifacts which I loved, I am a huge fan of these history. I did like their souvenirs better than the national Gallery. They have tons of space to sit and eat, in the main pictures open space area. Basically a great place to see artifacts from all over the world. A must when coming to England!
While I haven't done too much world traveling, this has got to be one of the finest history museums in the world.

I vacationed here with the family, and this place was just a short walk from our hotel. It was amazing, to say the least. For one thing, it's ridiculously huge, sprawling. We spent a few hours there and we didn't even get to all the exhibits. But we did see the Rosetta Stone and a multitude of other cool artifacts from way back in the day. 

And the best part? It's all free. No admission whatsoever. They do appreciate donations, but this awesome place is open to the public with no charge. In a city as expensive as London, that was beyond cool.

Definitely on the list of things you absolutely have to see if you're ever in London.
Probably the most beautiful sky roof I've neven seen ! The British Museum is a fantastic place where Modern meets Antiquities... and it's free of charge ! 

You enter a vast facade of greek colums and come into a vast circle room that lead to all the different collections. There is a map (£1) but you can also look at them on several panels. 

So depending if you prefer Egyptians, Indians, Romans or Greek, you can start your visit by on of those ancesters. They have amazing piece of art and the way they are shown is effective. Good light, space, cartel, you can learn a lot or just look vaguely depending of your interest. 

The reconstitution of the Parthenon section is amazing, just sad that it's not going back to Greece but that's another story....

You can see mummies, plenty of vases and accessories, tuns of Jewellery, weapons, coins, masks, clothes even some made from seals and whales by the Inuits, you can see lions and bulls, mosaics, ivory....

If you have time you can spend a whole day, but you can aslo just see a couple of rooms and leave if it's sunny outside. 

They have also big expensive exhibition that you can book long in advance or if you take a chance directly, try to come as early as possible, it's often full before noon !
I wanted to cry when I walked through the room of Enlightenment.

I want to get married here.

I want to live here.

It's like walking into a living history book, what an amazing gift this place is!
A better display of British Imperialism at its  best. I enjoyed the Rosetta stone and the Hadrian exhibit when I was ere last time do I was happy to return on this visit to London. It seems like they have most of the Parthenon here and I hear that they have more artifacts from Egypt than the Museums there have. I don't doubt it!
This museum is one big feast for the eyes - the collection here is unparalleled (after all the Brits took over a good bit of the world for awhile), and best of all it's free!  

And P.S. they have the Rosetta Stone.  Ever heard of it?

Now. Go.
THE museum of all museums. This museum is what other museums aspire to be. It has EVERYTHING and can be a little overwhelming. You could definitely spend days here without seeing the same thing twice. My advice would be to plan out the highlights that you would like to see or else there's a good chance you won't make it to them. We headed straight for Rosetta's Stone and went to the mummies from there. It was really insightful and interesting but a little much. We walked around for almost 3 hours and had barely scrapped the surface. They have all periods of time from every culture. It's wonderful for art lovers. I love the concept that the museum is free, the government says the art belongs to the people, but there are areas to donate. One of the most interesting pieces I found is actually by a local artist located right behind the Moai from Easter Island. It is a display of the amount of pills the average British Citizen will be prescribed in their life. It follows 2 people, a man with diabetes and a woman with breast cancer. It was very interesting! You should definitely see the Museum, but like I said, plan ahead. Also the gift shops in this area are a little better and cheaper than the ones you find more central to London so maybe take a peek while you're in the neighbourhood.
The best thing about London is that soooo many of the museums are free; The British Museum included. Where else can you see the one, the only Rosetta Stone? Or the Elgin Marbles? NO WHERE ELSE! 

This is hands down one of the greatest collection of art and artifacts on the planet. It simply cannot be missed by locals and tourists alike. Yes, it's busy, but worth every second of waiting you may have to do!
This is the place to go in London if you have a kid in tow.  

Despite a collection of Egyptian mummies and antiquities that is staggering, the British Museum somehow manages to be family-friendly in a way that few museums can rival (except those in London, who really seem to gear to kids in an admirable and noteworthy fashion!)

Grab one of the free "kid adventure backpacks" available at the information counter on the weekends and during most school holidays. 

Some ongoing interior construction was going on at the time of our visit (Valentine's Day 2012) which made things a little messy, but otherwise this is a friendly, mind-blowing collection with treasure after treasure that, while clearly was plundered and pillaged, is now proudly and lovingly displayed in a free setting (for those who can make it to London) for all to see and experience.
Thousands of years of pillaging, plundering, being taken over, taking others over, etc. has led to one of the greatest museums on the planet with a collection of just about anything you could possibly imagine.

There was even an entire wing that had nothing but thousands and thousands of clocks, including some that were hundreds of  years old. My favorite was a pre-electricity alarm clock that had a flint which lit a candle when it was time to get up.

And, of course, the Rosetta Stone is there and I saw it (and Stonehenge) so two more things are now off of my bucket list.
Very Inspirational it should be visited regularly.
AMAZEBALLS! I have never seen such a huge museum. It was full of such amazing pieces of history. I would say that this is a must see while you're in London. Our guide said that you could come multiple days and still not get through everything.

I would approach this museum knowing that you'll probably get exhausted and not be able to see everything. So, just be prepared! Entrance is free, though, so feel free to go back as many times as you'd like while in the area!

The staff was helpful in answering questions. The gift shop was extensive...but somewhat overpriced. 

My favorite part of what we saw:  Ramses statue.
it always amazes me how many great museums have free entry in europe. this place is NOT to be missed. because it is free, this place tends to be really busy, but there are some beautiful exhibits that shouldn't be missed! i would say plan a strategy for attack.. look at the map and target the places you want to see to maximize your time there
SO. HUGE. Seriously, I spent an entire day there and only saw about half the rooms. If you don't have a lot of time, plan your trip wisely: they have a "history of the world in 100 objects" thing, and be sure to put the Egypt rooms on your list.

Other standouts include Assyria and Highlights from the World of Sutton Hoo - the room that houses the permanent collection is currently being refurbished.
The sun never sets on the British empire...How did they get all this stuff? humm.... by force? a gift ? or  borrowed?My friend got kicked out of this place after voicing out his opinions in a drunken rant.

Still I like the British Museum.So many artifacts  , I can't even come close to comprehending it all .Everything  you can possibly imagine  around the world is practically housed in this museum :

-Mummies
-Greek statues
- Buddha 
-Coins
-Pots
-Paintings
-Weapons
Great place if you're stuck for something to do in London. Free, fun, what more could you ask for.
Grayson Perry at the British Museum

Superb exhibition of Grayson Perry's work made in response to his selection of works from the British Museum's huge collection. The Tomb of the Unknown Craftsman is a homage to the nameless craftsmen who created the pieces Grayson selected. He then adds to the homage by creating new works by Grayson Perry the named craftsman, the named artist. It's a really fascinating exhibition of his work while the selection and context of the selected works gives them a fresh view that I loved.  Been three times and that's not usual for me, high praise indeed, Grayson will be pleased.
Clear evidence of how much "anthropology" and "archaeology" was actually just running around and pillaging from other countries.  Woo-hoo, Brits!

Actually, I loved this place, in spite of its storied past.  Still, they really should consider returning some of these things to their rightful owners.

Favorites: 1) Cleopatra's mummy.  Yes, *the* Cleopatra, 2) the gazillion weird-but-cute mummified cats, 3) the reading room where Marx wrote "Das Kapital," 4) bits of the Parthenon.  Yes, *the* Parthenon, 5) I guess that Rosetta Stone thing was cool (j/k), and 6) Some weird Korean posters promoting communism in a very artful way (I think this was a special exhibit).

Beware when visiting: This place can take you forevvvvvvver so make sure you give yourself a day, take things slowly, eat lunch, otherwise you'll never survive your visit.
I was highly dissappointed with this place because my visit here was very time constrained.  I only allotted myself less than a day to take everything in and then visit the National Gallery next.  I later found that this was a BIG, BIG mistake.

My first impression is that everything here is BIG!  If not big in size them big in it's importance, such as the Rossetta Stone, (Raiders of the Ark kind of stuff).  Most impressively they have huge Egyptian artifacts, Ka Figures, Statues and Sarcophogus, etc.   They have the Elgin Marbles stolen from the Parthenon, which is probably a good thing because they are in perfect condition.  I was told that if I like this museum's Egyptian collection, I would love the Louvre's stuff even better.  I couldn't wait to get to Paris.  Needless to say I was largely misinformed, the Egyptian art at the Louvre consisted mostly of tiny everyday items, an anthropologists paradise.  In hindsight, I was pissed that I didn't spend more time at the British.  I could just kick myself.
The entire world's best art and culture can be found in Trafalgar Sq and I spent less then a day there.  

Aside from the Uffizi Museum in Florence, Italy, this is probably my next favorite museum.
This place is amazing and the better part it is free!

It's amazing to think of all the places the British conquered but the museum is really a showcase of all the stuff they took (or stole depending on your POV).  

If you want to see mummies, statues from India, weapons from the Pacific Islands, just go here.  The space itself is absolutely beautiful combining modern architecture with the existing historical space.
interesting. unforgettable experince
Truly a great museum with plunders from around the world.

You can't miss this museum.  At the peak of the British Empire they essentially plundered the world of various artifacts and treasures.  Yes it sounds a bit critical, but simply the truth.  What does this create?  One of the best museums I've seen!  You could easily spend hours moving from room to room, display to display, and I'm sure you'll still have more to see.  The most noteworthy displays (in my opinion)?  The Egyptian wing, Roman wing, currency/wages was interesting, and there's a decent selection of Asian displays.  One of the things I found nice about the currency/wages display was that it did a comparison across cultures and time.  Something you don't normally get when you visit a specific cultural wing.

The venue is great, as many have stated already, it's FREE.  Though donations are probably welcomed and kiosks are available around the facility to give them.  The venue itself is also very well built and very beautiful.

Overall... I would definitely encourage a visit here.  And if you don't like museums, for the price, why not?
WOW!  Again WOW!  

I love museums but having just visited DC and planning to visit the Louvre in a few days this was not on my list of must sees.  However, my son really wanted to see the Rosetta Stone and a few other artifacts.  The museum was open late admission is free so we decided to go.

I am so glad we did but three hours was not enough time.  There collect is as good as any museum I have been to.  It is spread out well and the information cards are clear.  

When you go get a map and plan out what you want to see ahead of time.  That way you don't waste time looking in the wrong section.  

One of my favorite museums ever!
A London visit is incomplete without stopping for at least a few hours here! I've been living in London for the past 5 years and go there at least twice a year still.
Tons of history to explore and it's well laid out for viewing.
Disclaimer for English Majors: Review below is written in fragments so to reflect my speechless experience at the British Museum: 

Wonders of the world and the beauty of history in the palm of your hand. Free admission for a priceless learning experience. Endless corridors, exhibits of gargantuan proportions, the mind is left spinning in marvel and awe. Everything you've heard of in books and on the telly exhibited before you- a royal feast for your evolving comprehension of world history. An American coming from a young country, I was taken breathless...I observed the Rosetta Stone, the ancient Roman and Egyptian artifacts. Playground for the lifelong learners, adventurers and artists at heart.
Spent hours here! Didn't even realize it until I got hungry around 3pm. So fascinating. So many mummies! A few exhibits were being studied or moved but that didn't take away from the rest of exhibits.
to be able to see all this history in one place (and for free!) is a real treat.  you can easily spend all day here, so if you don't want to tire yourself out, make separate trips and focus on different things each time.

the last time i came here (over 10 yrs ago), i mainly just looked at the greek and egyptian antiquities.  this time i spent the most time in the asia room, which included a special exhibit on chinese jade.  fab!
It's real pleasure to visit this museum again and again ! you have to go to see all the history gallery !
Free admission to one of the best museums in the world? Yes, please!

I really enjoyed the ruins of the Parthenon and the Egyptian artifacts. You definitely need an entire day to really take in and experience the entire museum. The Rosetta Stone was also a must see.

We only had a few hours, but were able to get through but I felt like we experienced the best of what the museum had to offer.

I was also able to see exhibits that I didn't really think I would have an interest in, but the museum sets up their exhibits in a way that you feel like you are traveling through a story and you feel pretty captivated at the whole thing.

Do not miss the opportunity to go to such an amazing museum! This ranks up there with the Louvre and other top museums in the world.
When my friend and I visited London for a long weekend, our first destination was the British Museum. This visit marked my second trip to the museum, and her first. What I've observed the two times I have been here:

-You really can't beat the Free admissions.
-The exhibits are amazing! There is such a great variety of historical artifacts here. My last visit I mostly saw the Egyptian artifacts, as well as the beautiful Rosetta Stone. Well, we saw the Rosetta Stone again and also went to the South Asia and Japan exhibits, as well as a special Australian woven basket and Australian print collection. The artifacts usually have interesting historical information accompanying them to tell you more about the significance of the pieces.
-I have rather bad food allergies and had no problems finding delicious yogurt and other food items at "Grab and Go" cafes in the Great Court.
-I usually do not buy souvenirs at museum shops, but I had to put stuff back because my arms were so full from carrying shirts, figurines, and other fun items. Somehow, I managed self-discipline and put back the Great Wave watch, 3 books, Egyptian Cat bookends, and a keychain, and settled on 2 cute feng shui cats, a Japanese print t-shirt.
-The people employed by the museum were very nice! Everyone we talked to was very helpful and seemed to enjoy their work.
-On the museum grounds, just outside of the steps, is an attempt to replicate natural Australian plants. Though the garden is small, it is well-maintained and fun for a stroll. The museum also had the cutest ice cream trucks I had ever seen.

If you're visiting London and haven't been here before, go see this museum already!
Do you like Mummies? How about old coins? Does Celtic culture interest you? If you said "Yes!" to any of these (or even "no" seeing as there are more options) than visit the British Museum.

Just around the corner and across the park from the Russell Square Tube Station, one will find a museum with around two million years of history under one roof.

This free museum (as any lucky tourist will find, London Museums are FREE! YAY!) boasts exhibits dedicated to the culture they have survived in glorious room full of Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece and Rome, Africa, America, Asia, Europe, Middle East, as well as Themed rooms (ie clocks, watches, coins, money, enlightenment) and the ever changing exhibitions. 

If you are hungry than patter down to the cafeteria in the middle or walk down any street surrounding the museum for some grub. Only there because it's free and you cannot afford to eat out? Then you are in luck! Bring your packed lunch and eat out the front within the little garden or indoors at a table. And don't worry... lots of people do it too :)

(Side note: Having been a neighbor to this museum I can tell you something,  I still have not seen everything and continue to be astounded by the new objects that continue to appear.)
Unquestionably one of the world's best museums. The British Museum has everything, from the Rosetta Stone to the Proiecta Casket, numismatics to tableware, a Moai to Assyrian regal panels. This wonderful collection is wonderfully laid out and expansive, and it's entirely free (although you should really leave a donation). One negative of the museum is that virtually everything has been looted from the original provenances, but that's no reason to neglect to appreciate these artifacts.
Wow.  I thought the Scottish Museum was impressive (it still is) but this place takes the freakin' proverbial cake.  

For starters this place is free, officially making you an idiot if you don't go.

But not only is it free, this place outstrips most any paying museum ever, anywhere.  It has everything from the actual Rosetta Stone to the Lewis Chessman, to little pieces of art that no one has ever heard of but are still cool.  Some amazing things are found in this place and it's all well organized and easy to follow.  

I spent a full day here and still didn't see all the rooms... and I did my best to browse things as quickly as possible. 

If you are strapped for time, try and make some more.  If you still can't they have a wonderful thing called the world in a 100 objects.  Visit all 100 and then call it a day in the museum.  If you are the kind of person that reads everything: book a week in a hotel because you'll need it
How can anyone give it less then five stars when it is a free adventure in a very cool place. Arrive and see the countdown to the 2012 Olympic games. Once inside, the marvel of the atrium is beautiful. Took me a second to take it in, and enjoy the beauty / complexity. 

The art galleries gave me incredible insight to what many things the culture blended into the British society derived from. Though I hear a bit of people are upset that the items were taken from lands, and some want them back. Besides the point. 

Enjoy it, stroll for a while, you cannot go wrong visiting this staple in British culture.
From Portland With Love.

Arguably the best museum in the world. Let me break down the most important facts for visitors.

It is FREE
Photography is permitted
It is controversial

Since my trip immediately followed my visit to Greece, it was interesting to hear both sides of the story. Was Lord Elgin protecting ancient Greek relics from vandals and thieves or was he committing his own brand of theft? 

We went to the Acropolis in Athens, then saw more friezes and statues from that site in London. All beautifully preserved for everyone to see. [1] Visiting the ancient ruins requires a lot of imagination, because reconstruction is painfully slow and expensive. My son got a bigger thrill from the British Museum than his visits to the actual places. This has me a little bit conflicted.

In addition to the Greek and Roman collections, which were our focus, another highlight was the Portland Vase. It is the basis for all Wedgewood China and a beautiful piece. (http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=LRUnfASDUq7jYVTByklg-g)

We spent five hours at the museum, and if we had more time, would have been back for more. Even though the museum is free, they of course ask for donations. Without hesitation my son opened his wallet and put all of his money (dollars and pounds) in the bucket. He walked out the door saying, "When I'm older, I'm going to live in London and visit here every day." One of my happiest moments as his mom.

[1] In Athens, they told us that Lord Elgin had two ships filled with artifacts sail from Athens, but one ship was lost at sea. Our Athenian tour guide also said that the relics ended up at the British Museum so he could pay his bills after going through a nasty divorce. The published account in the museum is a bit different.
A great day out!
Certainly one of the world's greatest museums, with plenty to see.so much so that you can return to it time after time, and see something new on each visit.
This is not only the greatest museum I have ever visited, but one of the top cultural destinations I have ever been to as well. It definitely takes an entire day to get all the way through. They have the world's largest collection of mummies, the original Rosetta Stone and a piece of the Sphinx's beard, just to touch on the highlights. Every exhibit they have has a robust collection and plenty to see. Best thing about the whole experience (as a starving student at the time) was definitely the free admission. Put this at the top of your London list.
My personal opinion is that The British Museum, The Louvre and The Metropolitan Museum of Art are the world's three greatest museums.  I go to this museum and The Louvre every time I visit London & Paris.  Needless to say, you really need an entire day at The British Museum.  Having said that, it's miserable going there during summertime (which, unfortunately, is when I/we have always gone to London).  Our visit of 1 1/2 weeks ago was the worst ever, in that hordes of obnoxious teenagers were there (seemingly none were American [due to the dismal value of the dollar], although that's not exactly a complimentary distinction).

The African galleries are among the best in the world and the museum has about *200,000* items in its African collections (only a fraction of them are displayed at any given time, due to obvious space constraints).

Amazingly, admission to this museum is *free*.
They have the Rosetta Stone. It's also free, minus some exhibitions. Lots of great stuff. Probably the best museum in London.
I visited the British Museum a few weeks ago, and I especially enjoyed taking in their Assyrian, Cypriot, Etruscan, and Mesopotamian collections. We also hunted down the elusive Rosetta Stone, and my only complaint was that it was near impossible to photograph due to the nature of the glass. Ah well.
    I also couldn't resist thespecial Afghanistan exhibit, so I treated my husband, and we quickly stepped inside. Many of the pieces were fragmentary: tiny tiles from furniture & decor; parts of larger images, and the like. I especially loved the jewelry: the incredible gold earrings, pendants, and the piece de resistance: the delicate crown made of numerous thinly crafted gold pieces. I'd definitely go back.
This is a gorgeous museum. It really is. It has to be on my TOP 10 list of museums I adore. Mm, TOP 5 list. 

I didn't have too much time to wander around but the time I had, I spent most of it in the Enlightenment Library/Room. It's massive, and there were books EVERYWHERE. It was love at first sight, really. I've always dreamt of being in a room surrounded by historic books from ceiling to floor. DREAM REALIZED!

Although I walked through many other exhibits (African, American, etc.), nothing stood out in my mind more than this room. 

And of course the main lobby where they have the information desk and all is gorgeous. It really is a sight to be seen as it boasts ridiculously high ceilings, and beautiful lighting. I know that seems minor but the whole area is really lit well with the sunlight shining in through the glass ceilings. But it's not just bright -- there's a warm glow to the area because the glass is pretty translucent. 

Anyway, I would definitely go back to the British Museum. There is still so much I have yet to see, and I'm excited to go back one day.

P.S. If you're standing in front of the museum and want to get a picture taken, don't ask the guards near the gate to take one for you. Apparently, they are not allowed to. 

What is it with my luck and these yucky guards in London!
Two words: Mummies and Moai. 

The rest of the museum was interesting, but those were my two favorite parts. And it's free! You have no excuse to not go!
Of all the museums in London... no wait, of all the museums that I've been to in my entire LIFE, the British Museum absolutely positively takes the cake.  There are not words to describe how magnificent and mind blowing this place is; honestly you could spend an eternity in there and not be able to fully take in everything it has to offer.  

Not only does it boast the Rosetta Stone, it has an extremely impressive collection of various pieces of art, artifacts, sculptures, etc, from nearly everywhere in the world (that might be an over statement, but it truly feels like it when you're faced with the option of so many rooms, floors, elevators, maps, stairwells)... oi, its exhausting just thinking about it.

I was especially taken with their Egyptian collection. In fact I'm still haunted by the skeletons, graves, and mummies; some truly incredible things that you've probably only seen in books or television.  The BA museum absolutely brings history to life, and does it in a way that makes it accessible, complete, brilliant, and mind blowing.  

I'm in love with this place and agree that a visit during your lifetime is an absolute MUST.  

Oh right, and its free. Honestly It doesn't get any better than this, so come take advantage and visit this amazing establishment!
Best. Museum. Ever
I could spend the rest of my life in here and still not see everything.  It's free and amazing. 

I love this museum. What are you waiting for? Spend a day and get some culture. 

The shops have amazing stuff to buy.
Get Lost.

This museum is magnificent, and you could literally spend an entire day here. Some highlights: the Parthenon pieces (which they are NOT giving back), the super-extensive Jade selection, the Themes rooms (Enlightenment & Living&Dying), and the African section. The pieces are gorgeous and important; they celebrate the daily mundane and the regally majestic. Take it apart in pieces and soak in as much you can because this place goes on and on forever, and thankfully so.
I did not know what I was getting into coming to this FREE museum. I should have wore some better walking shoes because you can walk around all day in here, there really is that much to see. This is probably the best free museum I've been to... ever! The Rosetta stone, a lot of mummies.. etc. so much history. You have to go see for yourself!

Since the museum is free, please go out and buy food because food at the cafe in here was not that great. Granted I only had a cold cut sandwich but gosh..! Anyway, If I lived in London, I think I might come here on random days just to kill time. I shall be back during my next visit to London because I barely made it through half the exhibits this go around.
My girls (12 & 6) love this museum and so do I!  Our first visit was in April, and as it is something I've always wanted to visit, a few hours was simply not enough.  Hoping to return on future London breaks.

Every kid (and adult) will find some favorite area -- mine could've spent the entire visit with the mummies.  The Rosetta Stone is another must see.  I won't rewrite the wikipedia entry for British Museum here, just be sure not to miss it on any London visit.
!A must-visit!  

We carved out 2 hours to check out the British Museum and of course, we didn't see everything.  2 hours is ample time to peruse the museum.  My brain gets fried from information overload.  I recommend checking out the Rosetta Stone and then picking 1 or 2 exhibits that you might be interested in and sticking with that.

Loved the exhibit dedicated to the history of Buddhism.  We spent quite a bit of time in that area.  Two exhibits that I wish we could have spent more time was dedicated to Islamic Art and On Living and Dying (exploring how different cultures seek well-being for themselves and their communities in the face of illness and suffering).  I think we just got turned around with 
the layout of the museum.
My third favourite place to be, and my second favourite museum. You will always learn something new here - no matter how many times you've come. You need at least a month to fully tour the museum - and even then you may not have gone through the whole museum because there's always a new exhibit. It's a great museum, and definitely a winner for rainy or cold days.

Plus, it's so pretty outside and inside! It's like the Met of London - I bet all the prim and proper school girls sit outside the Museum eating their yoghurts during their lunch breaks. Like the British Gossip Girls. Or maybe my imagination is just running wild...
My second favorite London museum. Miles and miles of sprawling exhibits point out that this museum is incredibly well done. Wish so many different artifacts and exhibits it's important that you make a plan for this enormous gem. Allow at least a day (if not more) to get lost here.

Do not miss the Egyptian Mummies exhibit. This is the largest Egyptian exhibit outside of Chiro. Packed with mummies and old bones and cats in wraps this particular section of the museum could easily swallow you in for hours. The Rosetta Stone is also in this section. 

Other must see exhibitions include Greece and Rome and Ancient Near East. Follow this up with a cup of tea and a scone from the cafeteria and enjoy the large, bright Great Court. 

I purchased a ticket for the Afghanistan exhibit and was not disappointed. It has been extended through July 17th. Most of the items are on loan from the Afghanistan museum and can only be seen there when the show is done running. 

The clock sections are also fantastic. 

I wish I had visited The British Museum (and V&A) on my first day in London so I could have planned my time better. I ended up running out of time and really regretting my poor planning!
I absolutely love the british museum! Every time i go back i find something else. Shame that lots of the stuff is booty ;)
OH MY LORD!!!! This is the mother of all museums.  I have been in quite a few museums in my time but this one tops them all.  Everything is amazing and a wonder to behold.  You cannot see it all in one shot no matter how hard you may try....you will wear out before you see all that this museum holds.

Wear good walking shoes, stay hydrated, get the floor plan and/or do your research ahead of time online, and go forth and conquer - or give it your best shot.  Not every exhibit is a winner - how many times can you really go Oooooo! ahhhhhhh! over a marble statue of a nude??? But what doesn't float your boat - you do a short look see and continue on to what will grab your attention.  

It will be crowded as heck on the weekends but not impossible.  We went on a saturday and managed to stay one step ahead of the tour group hordes.  The only negatives about here are the over priced but under whelming choices of food on the main floor snack areas and the one set of restrooms on the main level.  You have to walk down into what felt like catacombs to reach them but the smell  assaulted your olfactory nerves long before you even came to the bottom of the steps!  Fix the sewer there guys, thank you.
Another wonderful museum I have spent hours and hours in. The library in the rotunda is indeed sorely missed, but the exhibitions I have seen in the space have been outstanding. Long live free museums where a love of learning and a fascination with the world around is fostered in the young and old.
WOW! It is simply amazing what 600 years of serious looting from the colonies, and low defeated nations can do! I mean they have the Rosetta stone, 

THE ROSETTA STONE! Huge Babylonian Gates, Medieval armor, and more and more and more. God I love the British museum. I have spent about two weeks in there over the course of my travels. Which means I have spent more time at the British museum then I budgeted to go to German to see family.

That's right the British museum is cooler than family, Seriously if you are going to England, go to the British Museum spend at least a FULL day, I would say three days there and you can see the exhibits that are out.
The very prospect of witnessing the vaults of the British Museum would give me nightmares. The collections are amazing and in depth without being overwhelming, a difficult thing to do when the breadth of artifacts you have is so enormous. So amazing, in fact, that any discomfort over the fact that most of the museum's contents were stolen from other countries disintegrates the second you experience their non-chalant "oh that? That's just that Rosetta Stone thing." ::British Museum brushes shoulders off::

Museums can be stuffy and exhausting, but this one does not have that effect. It's thorough without making your eyes glaze over and the building itself is refreshing to walk around and perfect for the collections it houses.
I wrote my Masters thesis when the Library

was here, imagining Karl Marx at the next table 

working on Das Kapital & also came to the closing 

night : it was very emotional. The new library hasn't

the same feel as the rotunda; & its away near St Pancras.

But the Museum is as interesting as ever.

become a Member, like me, the benefits are

huge : free entry to all the special exhibitions

& other member lectures & events; some at night.

The Fitzrovia Women Writers Group I set up, meets

here fortnightly : its a great place to meet
What an amazing museum. Great for school trips!! Especially as it is free :)


 Amazing resources online - giving you worksheets a s questions fit children according to which room you will be visiting while there.


 Excellent choice of workshops for schools - they are really popular and do get booked up really quickly.


 Amazing Egyptian statues that I am still amazed by - even after seeing them many times. This museum is one that you can definitely get lost in all day and love every minute.
This place is a global treasure. You can go again and again - but avoid midterm weeks when possible! Since it is FREE, it is worth a 15 minute wander or hours of deeper exploration.
Bring comfortable shoes because you'll probably be in the British Museum for awhile.  So far I've only made it through the ground floor, but I'm looking forward to my next trip where I'll tackle the rest of the monstrosity that is the museum.

OR just walk in and see one thing, why not?!?!  Admission is FREE.  While that's true for most museums in London, it's especially nice for the British Museum since there's enough in there for several visits.  Go and see the Rosetta Stone, but be prepared to be a little underwhelmed.  Then get over it and go see some of the other great stuff on display.

Take a break and eat at the cafe, and then get back to it.  You'll enjoy it.
I used to work in the British Museum when the British Library shared its beautiful building. It is a huge place with loads of exhibitions free to the engaging, inquisitive mind. During a recent visit last year, I discovered that some of the areas only accessible through doors by privileged staff with big, special keys now no longer exist. It is much more of a museum with nice lighted areas and 'techno' gadgets that will please most visitors. The staff many of whom I knew was back then are still on guard but are much less noticeable by their friendly uniforms. It is a good place to visit, offers free admission and is very central and accessible for all who'd love to visit it. A great day out!
Only in London can you be immersed in the history of the world for free. I suppose because so much of the history of the world has been directly connected to the success of Britain for much of its history. A truly impressive building and museum, I love coming here, rainy day or not. You do have to wonder how much the rest of the world is missing its artifacts, but such is life. 

The British Museum reminds me a lot of Peter Pan for some reason. It evokes an imagination world that is filled with almost mythical times and people with pieces from egypt, samurai, there is always something new. 

This Museum makes me want to go out and explore, and I believe that is what a good museum should do.
A fantastic place to visit. I have the privilege of working very nearby (Holborn), so I've managed a handful of quick lunchtime jaunts to this palace of history, and even just the architecture of the building itself is awe-inspiring. The vast array of different displays would take an age to take in to their fullest extent, from the classic "school history" topics of the ancient Greeks, Romans and Egyptians, to some of the less prominent subjects, such as the "money timeline" with everything from ancient coins to credit cards.
A great day out, or half-hour wander, for anyone with even just a passing interest in the history of the human race.
What is there to say about the British Museum that has not been said already? At the time of writing this, there are some 144 reviews. 

Thus, the only thing that I can say is that you should definitely make time for the special, paid exhibitions. 

I held out on these for a long time. After all, there is so much to see at the museum that is free. Of all the times I've been, and all the hours I've spent here, I think I've seen about 33% of what the British Museum has to offer. Yet, a friend convinced me to go to the exhibit on the Egyptian Book of the Dead, and I am so glad that I did. I will definitely be checking out more special showcases in the future.
Really? Can I not have written a review of the British Museum?

It's brilliant. It's full of stuff. It's not a bad place to drop your nephew off when you have to wander off for a job interview up by Warren street. It's got loads of samurai stuff and swords and armour; it's got massive statues stolen from all round the world; it's got art from china, sleeping aids from Africa, and more shit than you can see in a day.

It's a must. It's pretty special. It's kind of overrun with hordes of schoolchildren, but, then, you kind of want it to be, don't you.
When I was there 3 years ago it was definitely one of the best museums I have ever been to.
One of the great things is..... you can take pictures!!! Which in some museums you can't do.
The Egyptian exhibit is AMAZING.
When is London, make sure to go!
A *must see.*  The courtyard is stunning and the Museum has some truly priceless and worth-while collections.  While I was there, I discovered that I'd been pick-pocketed and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.  Much as the Brits love their irony, they didn't even heckle this Yank for needing their help because it was the 4th of July and the American Embassy, etc, was closed.
An amazing place, the architecture alone is fantastic ! Its also in a great location to stay in London, around Russell Square. Well worth a visit :-)
The British Museum is my favorite museum in the world.  It is a history of human civilization.  I was stunned at the collection and sometimes wondered if this museum's collection relating to a certain country or civilization was even more impressive and treasured than that held in that country's own national museum...

It is free.  You cannot go to London and not spend at least a few hours here.  If I came alone, I would reserve an entire day to browse their extensive collection.  

The museum gift store has decent prices.  The museum's floorplan was easy to follow and the interior wasn't terribly crowded.
Yay!

Love this museum because it's in a convenient location and it is free to enter and browse (except for the special exhibitions). The grand hall has the gift shop and an area for food.

The museum itself houses really great works of art and anthropological and archaeological finds. The Rosetta Stone is a huge tourist attraction but there are plenty of amazing paintings and the architecture of the museum itself is great.

It's an easy place to bring children and a great place to spend a rainy afternoon (since London is chock full of those).
I have the wonderful advantage of going to uni right near the British Museum and so ahve popped in for the odd lunchtime.


 The museum itself is huge and you couldn't possibly get round it all in a day. I would recommend looking to see if there is a particular time period or part of the world you want to focus on.


 It is a must visit for anyone coming to London.
I love wandering (and wondering) into and around the British Museum. OK. So it's the plundered loot of an Empire. That's true, but it was a big empire, and it's damn good loot. This place is just too big to take in on one visit. Some of the bigger ticket items (like the Rosetta Stone) are obvious places to go, but I like dropping by some of the other lesser known items. Like the 13000 year old Ice Age carvings of deer swimming across a stream (done on mammoth ivory no less) or the 1.2 million (yes!) year old stone axe, that's just so beautiful and intelligently made, but impossible to connect to temporally. The Easter Island statue always makes me smile, and if you can find it look out for the Roman Legionnaire armor made out of crocodile skin. Wicked!

My only complaint are the hordes of tourists that can't keep their hands to themselves. Just because it's ancient and priceless doesn't mean you have to rub your dirty mitts over it. Can't the museum take preservation a bit more seriously?
I must admit that I am not usually a fan of museums with lots of historical artifacts, so the British museum wasn't actually on my list of top ten things to do in London, but when I finally went I was totally amazed. The entrance hall itself is awe-inspiring, and the exhibits are truly breath-taking. You can easily spend many days in here exploring all the different rooms and admiring all the beautiful pieces - I particularly like the little carvings of horses and swimming moose that are apparently 30.000 years old. Amazes me every time! And to think that I work only 5mins away from the place, that I could actually just come here during my lunch hour to marvel at the Rosetta stone or some Ancient Egyptian statues... What a lucky girl I am! An absolute must when you are visiting London.
This is an amazing, world class museum. The exhibits are outstanding.

The only thing I do not like is that they sometimes close off part of the museum for exhibits you need to pay for. But I realise they have to pay for it somehow so I guess you have to accept some sort of compromise.
An amazing museum!

After a quick picnic in the nearby park, we came in through the second entrance to wander around for a few hours. 

I loved the cultural exhibits. The bf and I had a fantastic time wandering around from one cultural exhibit to another, seeing the rosetta stone and other priceless works of art and history.

We only saw about half of the museum before heading elsewhere but it's one of the museums I have to visit each time I come to London.
This place is amazing!!  I am no history or art buff, but I easily spent over four hours at this museum, and I don't think I did it justice.

This free museum has exhibits of ancient artifacts from all over the world.  It is amazing how it is able to connect all the cultures together in just one place.  I was on a tight budget when I was staying in London, so I never saw the additional exhibits that you have to pay extra to get into, but they did look pretty impressive.

My favorite thing about this museum is that they also give out free tours at certain times of the day on certain exhibits, where they show you the key items in those areas and give you a more in-depth description of the significance of the items.

Easily walkable from the National Gallery and Leicester Square.
One of the finest museums in the world without pretensions. Check out their website before visiting and try to fit in one of the free tours. A great place to spend a few hours or a few days!
If If you're in London don't miss out on the British Museum. If offers a wide range of exhibitions interesting for children and adults. Like almost every museum in London, it's admission free, so there's no excuse not to go there ;)
Even if you're not a museum-person, stroll along in the huge and impressive entrance hall and read about all the poets who have been there to write. 
It can take you two days if you really want to see everything, but if you don't have enough time, just narrow it down, probably do it before you get there and see everything you like within a few hours.
This is probably the most complete collection of all historical artifacts and is also free...btw...the rosetta stone is here, so its got to be awesome.
Now this is a museum. I have never been in such a beautiful establishment full of such treasures.  I have been to the British Museum multiple times and finally got through the entire collection today. It is such a wonderful place to visit and definitely a must see for anyone coming to London, no matter the length of their stay. Right now, BBC 4 Radio and the Museum have launched "The History of the World in 100 Objects", all of which are on display in the museum. I would highly recommend picking up a free pamphlet about this exhibition on your way in (along with a map, you'll need one) and tour the museum through these 100 objects. It will take you through the entire museum, from Ancient Egypt and Assyria to Ancient Greece and Rome, to Medieval Europe, to Africa, all the way through to Asia and the Islamic world. Not only is the museum educational, but it absolutely gorgeous, easy to navigate, and literally has something for everyone. Each time you visit you will have a different experience and see something you haven't before. I can't wait to go back even though I have seen every room, I have a feeling there is still more to discover and I want to check out the restaurant at the top of the Great Court-good food and good history, I think yes.
British Museum is my Favourite Museum I ever been to... I don't think any museum will be ever be better than this!!

FREE!! no admission!

For Fine Art History student like me, I feel like a kid in a ice cream parlour. The collections of Greek and Roman artifacts so awesome. All the one that I saw in books are now right in front of me.. so close. Seeing the real thing does put everything in perspective and is an experience that I would not forget!

I can spend a whole week just browsing all the artifacts and so much fun to wondering around the dark quiet hallway in the less popular area of the museum and you can feel like some ancient ghosts and spirts watching you....
Like London itself, you could spend days in the British Museum and still not see it all.  

I have been over to England several times, but this was the first trip that I actually had time to do any sightseeing, and this place was at the top of my list.  I was so glad I made the time to go, because it is such an amazing collection of antiquities.  

I suppose the star attraction here is the Rosetta Stone.  Luckily, this is located in an easily accessible area of the museum so you can see it and then move on to the rest of the galleries.  

There wasn't time to see all of the museum, so I focused on the Egyptian and Greek areas.  These areas are nothing short of amazing. Seeing the physical remains of the inception of Western Civilization is a humbling experience.  

I would love to go back and see more, and hopefully on the next trip I will. If you're in London and can devote a few hours to the trip, I cannot recommend the British Museum highly enough.
Amazing, simply amazing. A sight to behold, I spent many an hour wondering amidst this glorious collection of artifacts. I especially enjoyed the medieval areas! If only one was not time constrained! To best enjoy this place one needs to focus on certain areas per visit or else you run the risk of only briskly seeing everything and not really seeing anything. The by donation entrance to the museum is great but upon leaving I felt my measly 5 quid was not enough.

A must see for all.
a must see for everyone, recommended
This was one of my favorite (free!) things to do in London, and it's also probably my favorite museum anywhere. There's enough here to keep you busy for days--artifacts and treasures from all over the world. I guess British imperialism had a few positives. Definitely go here if you're in London.
Just freaking amazing.  Can be very crowded so try to arrange a time (like when it first opens...and said by Ally... go to the back first).

Totally free with a donation area.  Throw something in.  It is worth the visit.
Hands down - my favorite museum in London!!!  

It can take you 2 days to see everything and it is very much worth the visit.  I have visited the museum twice and I still haven't finish seeing everything.  Plan ahead which exhibit you really, really want to see.  Then go straight to the back of the museum and work your way to the front.  Otherwise, you'll be stuck in long que that are stacked in the front.  Bring your own snacks, the longs are just too long.  Or make restaurant reservations if you have the time.  

By far, the Rosetta Stone, is the most famous attraction.  If you really want to take a good look, go as soon as the museum opens.  Otherwise, you're never get the chance to admire it more than 5 seconds before you are politely moving along.

Admission is FREE to this national treasure.  Yes, you can take photos.
Having recently been on a cruise in the Aegean, visiting Athens & Ephesus I thought it would be an idea to come and see the bits that we have got here in the museum. The tour guides said they was here.
What is there not to LOVE about the British Museum????

When I was a student and insanely poor, this was a great place to hang out and keep warm.

Today, it is still a fabulous place to be.
One of the great museums in the world, and  completely free. Plan to spend a full day (or more). You will not be sorry. Also has a really good gift shop.
Now I ain't no philomath, nope.... but sometimes, I like to pretend and think that I am.. certainly a visit here helps get me closer to achieving that delusion!

Another centennial review for one as passionate about reading (and writing) as I!!  At least all those essays and required reading were worth something, because now I genuinely love doing both, and continue to grow my bookshelves =)

Most people think: Rosetta Stone=British Museum

I love the British Museum so much so that I booked my hotel stay in Legal London's Bloomsbury just to be practically across the street from the entrance (no exaggeration). I could come/go as many times as my flat feet could bear it, as entrance is free (though I dropped in a big donation)!

The very first time I beheld this greatness was in the 90's, and I almost wet myself, I was so happy... you know, when you read and read and read about something, and then, before you know it, you're actually tete-a-tete with it.. *in real life*!!!!

There was one day when I came thrice.... once even used as an after-dinner burnoff to stroll the upstairs where the Egyptian exhibit was!

So much of the world's development, so many civilizations all come to rest underneath its roof. That is a heady thought.

To come here and to take in just how many cultures, how many various eras, the span of millennia, the blood, sweat, and tears of archeologists and historians, the research, the science behind the preservation and ideal ambient temperature.... all of it makes me one humble and grateful girl. I have said this elsewhere, but without a great understanding of history, we become lesser individuals. 

I walk in wonderment, everywhere I go. I love it here, the special exhibits (at the time, it was Persian New Year (Nouruz) and the feature was the Shah Abbas), the whole shabang. I believe the Iranian ex-pat population is highest in England.

If I had the stamina, I'd come and stay all day long. There is just so much to learn about the world, and in so doing, about ourselves. Thank you, England, for providing *so many* free museums for the world to avail itself of, and for the opportunity to see first-hand that there is indeed no end to the adventure of learning and appreciation.

Can't wait to come back; for me, that kind of excitement never wanes.
Visited The British Museum again, I love coming to this place the building is fantastic, and every time i visit this place i find a room or artifacts I'd missed on the last visit!! there are photographic opportunity's in every nook and cranny here. The place was very busy on the day i visited (probably due to the drizzly rain outside and the school holiday season). 
museum is FREE but their are Donation box's in and around the museum for contributions.
I have posted pic's here but there are more on my flickr page's!
http://www.flickr.com/photos/top_gun_1uk/sets/72157624586777492/
LOVE IT! Can't help but visit it every time I'm in London.
A cannot miss stop for even the most jaded traveler.

A priceless collection that rivals anything else offered in the world.  

These rare items were gathered from around the globe - probably much of which was spirited away during the days of British colonization (or, shall we say, "exploration").

Extremely well-displayed, with excellent descriptions of the various pieces.

Amazingly, admission is FREE.
There is not much I can say that hasn't been said by a million other people before. It could be argued that the British Museum is the greatest collection of historical artifacts in the world. There is no possible reason that any tourist can go to London and refuse to visit the British Museum. Pieces like the Rosetta Stone and the Elgin Marbles are just so extraordinary that any visitor to London must see them.
My Girlfriend & I visited the British Museum and i have to tell you it was an amazing day out, there is so much to see and learn and all for the suggested donation of £5. Its well worth a visit.
greatest museum ever
a great place to visit even though i have been a few times i still have not see all of it
I was bored in the Museum, but I can recognize that it had really interesting stuff and was FREE. It's a upscale museum too -- not shabby at all. Gifts and food is overpriced. But it's got some cool ingredients.
This museum is EXTENSIVE. My tour group and I were there for two hours with possibly the most interesting and knowledgeable guide I've ever had for any museum. We didn't even come close to seeing everything they had to offer but we got a field guide to the basics. Our guide told stories about each one of the artifacts that we visited and had clear and thorough answers for all of our questions.

This museum may be named The British Museum but in reality, it is a WORLD history museum. They have pieces from all over the world, many of which are controversial. Come to see the mummies, the Parthenon Marbles (before they get taken back to where they originated!) and the Rosetta Stone. Also amazing (yet not historical) is the ceiling in the center of the museum. Look up right were you enter. You can't miss it.
I suppose living down the street from the British Museum has jaded me slightly. I forget what an amazing place it really is! My dad and sister came to visit me a few months back and were astounded by everything inside the museum. Being from California, they were even MORE amazed that a place this magnificent could be free! Indeed, like most other London-based museums there is absolutely no charge to enter the museum and for anyone remotely interested in artifacts/history, etc., be prepared for hours of wandering and picture taking. Great museum, great location and a great place for lone travelers and families alike!
Check out the "birthday invitations" in room 40, quite unique!
As an art student, I once spent a week at the British Museum, drawing and exploring and there are still loads of galleries I haven't seen. This place is epic. The special exhibitions are much talked about and every time I've seen one, it's really stayed with me and been very inspiring.
The Rosetta Stone and Elgin Marbles were amazing. We went in about 30 minutes before closing which was just enough time to run the gauntlet on the ground floor. Most of the crowd had dispersed at that hour and the docent was free enough to tell us about the controversy around the Greek collection. Seems the Brit has custody of the entire contents of the Parthenon or some such landmark. If you actually went to Greece right now, you'd see columns and bare walls, but the friezes peeled gently off and housed securely in London. Nice. Saves me a trip.
just awesome! the Rosetta stone was amazing to view, it's funny that the Brits refuse to give the stone back to Egypt (where it originated) but its quite impressive history. a must see if you're in London.
Amazingly impressive history, not just of the UK, but these relics and treasures are from all around the world. Easily organized, make sure you pick up a map at the door when you enter. My mistake was not reading it properly before starting my self-led tour, because there are any number of free tours (called eyeOpeners) of at least a dozen different areas of the collection throughout the day. Or pick up one of the multimedia guides, which has audio guides built in for displays throughout the Museum. Some things have a small cost or a deposit, but entrance to the Museum itself is free.

Organized into logical sections, the Museum has collections for the Enlightenment, the Greek Parthenon, Mexico, North America, Egypt, Ancient Iran and Roman Britain. Too many to list and too many to see in just one day.

There is a restaurant as well as two cafe's in the Museum, but the queues ("lines" in American) are long and the prices are high. You'll do better popping out to one of the many restaurants in the area (and if you're Yelping, they're easy to find!). The gift shop is similarly expensive. 60p for one postcard of the Rosetta Stone. Really? The ten for £1 cards were too boring.

I visited on a rainy Bank Holiday weekend, so the place was more than mobbed. I have no doubt that if you come on a weekday, you'll do better without nearly as many people walking around.

Pictures are permitted and cell phones are not (which is fine, because I wasn't getting any coverage. I'm talking to you, O2!). Don't miss the massive Great Court, the famous Rosetta Stone (mobbed!) and the Statue of Ramesses II. I'll absolutely be coming back, because it felt like there was so much to see and I know I missed loads.
The British Museum is an amazing place, it's hard to believe how much history is actually housed here!! I love the Egyptian rooms, I've always had a fascination with ancinet Egypt and the Pharaohs so can spend ages wandering around the artifacts and mummies.


 When my parents come to visit me they always want to spend an afternoon here - they get plenty of culture and a nice coffee and cake in the cafe afterwards!
It's huge.  It's amazing.  It's free. 

I'm normally more of a natural history museum type of person.  Regular old history just isn't really my thing.  Generally, exhibits featuring old pieces of clay that have been dug up and put in a glass case don't really interest me.  But I think I want to live in the British Museum.

The place is absolutely packed with stuff.  There is something to look at EVERYWHERE and half of it's the kind of famous thing (like the Rosetta Stone, or the Elgin marbles) that you have a little difficulty believing is actually right in front of you.
If I had to pick a favorite spot it would be the Enlightenment Gallery (probably because part of it's like a miniature natural history museum) but really every room of the museum has something awesome in it.

The only downside I can think of is that it is quite famous, and therefore quite crowded.  It's also HUGE and the sheer amount of stuff can be a bit overwhelming, but if you take your time or take more than one trip there, it's not a problem at all.  And I'm giving it 5 stars anyway because it's just that cool.
There is a lot of booty in here. Booty that the Brits have acquired from all over the world. Housed all under one gorgeous roof, this is one of the best museums in the world. It is free to the public, so be sure to visit it at least once while in town. The British Museum has a very impressive collection and some of the most famous pieces in the world. Start out in the Great Court and take a look at the roof and sculptures before you begin your stroll. Right next to the Great Court is the Rosetta Stone. You'll definitely want to take the time to check out the slab of stone that enabled the hieroglyphs that you'll see on just about every piece in this room to finally be deciphered. There is a huge bust of Rameses (I said huge bust) and a black obelisk in this room. The Parthenon sculptures are right nearby also. "Ginger" a perfectly preserved body from 3250 BC is incredible to see. You will also want to take some time to visit the vast Asian and Islamic exhibits. 

Free booty at its best.
Just fantastic!  And free??  You Brits are spoiled.
I really can't say enough wonderful things about the British Museum. If you're in London, go. Make it top on your priority list of things to do. 

If you don't feel like you're into history, I promise they have something that will interest you. It starts in Assyria and goes all the way through the Enlightenment.

Possibly the best museum in the world.
Wooooowwweeeeee! This place is phenomenal. Absolutely out of this world fantastic! 

As well as the content this place as the most gorgeous stunning, inspiring and mesmerising building. Walking into the main lobby I was in awe as I stood just staring at the ceiling... beautiful. 

If you are interested in History, collections, artifacts, learning .. this is the place to come! It's free, it's awesome and It's fun!
What else could I say about the British? One of the world's greatest museums, free entry! 
If you're interested in Asian culture don't forget to visit the Korean Foundation Gallery (room 67), the ceramics are just beautiful
One of the world's greatest museums. You can return to it time after time, and see something new on each visit.


 Lose yourself in the museum, just wander about and soak up the atmosphere, and learn something about who we once were and who we are now.


 Whether it's prehistoric Britain, ancient Egypt, Greek and Roman antiquities, ethnic costume, or Chinese ceramics, it's all here.


 When you visit, take some water with you, and take little breaks outside in the gardens in front of the museum or in the Great Court. There's a lot to see and it can be overwhelming.


 Enjoy immersing yourself in the past!
Perhaps you are a history fan like me, who likes to wander and see the various incredible collections this museum has to offer - then you are in the right place - Welcome to the British Museum!

Some of the items I saw and absolutely loved: 
The Rosetta Stone - it is absolutely stunning. I believe it was discovered in 1799 and contributed greatly to the deciphering of the principles of hieroglyph writing in 1822 by the British scientist Thomas Young and the French scholar Jean-François Champollion. The Rosetta Stone has been exhibited almost continuously in the British Museum since 1802. 

Mummy of Cleopatra - her mummy, apparently, modern day analysis shows she was very attractive. The Museum has a very large Egyptian collection including a large bust of Ramesses II. The British Museum houses the world's largest and most comprehensive collection of Egyptian antiquities outside the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

Amarna letters: Clay tablets of correspondence between Egypt and other kings and queens. They date back to 14th Century B.C.! (Collection of 95 out of 382 tablets found, second greatest in the world after the Vorderasiatisches Museum in Berlin.

The Temple of Artemis at Ephesos and the Mausoleum of Halikarnassos - both are part of the seven wonder of the ancient world. Two colossal free-standing figures identified as Maussollos and his wife Artemisia. 

There are also magnificent groups of drawings by Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael, Michelangelo, including his only surviving full-scale cartoon and about a million British prints including more than 20,000 satires and outstanding collections of works by William Blake.

The Amravati Galley in the Asian Department is superb. These ornate carvings in limestone depict the life of Buddha and the spread of Buddhism and they date from 3rd century BCE.

The Queen Elizabeth II Great Court is a covered square at the centre of the British Museum. It opened in December 2000 and is the largest covered square in Europe. The roof is made of over 1500 unique pieces of glass.  At the centre of the Great Court is the Reading Room which is open to any member of the public who wants to read there.

I have a 5000 character limit otherwise I would list everything I saw - I've been here a lot of times and have seen the museum in its entirety and each time I am in complete awe. 

Tips: 
Admission is FREE
Photography is allowed
Allow yourself to spend a good few hours here if not half a day 
There is a café and a souvenir shop
Pirates. Ninjas. Vikings. Knights. The British Museum is only a couple of kittens short of an Internet-meme full house. 

I'd love to be the descenting voice amongst the crowd, but I have no choice except join the Yelp-5-star herd: The British Museum is pure awesomesauce. There's little point in me pitching this review at beret-wearing arty types - they're probably stroking their beards in the Renaissance section at this very moment. No, it's my fellow nerds that may need convincing to get down to the BM for some "cul-cha." Here's my top five things to see in the British Museum:

1. The Rosetta Stone. Yeah, it's an obvious call, but without this Rough Guide to Hieroglyphics, we would know little of ancient Egypt and great modern artistic works like Stargate Atlantis, The Mummy Returns and Fifth Element would not have been possible.

2. An intricately carved ivory chess set. Proving gaming had its genesis long before the SEGA Megadrive.

3. A Viking pencil case, carved from walrus tusk. Something this ornate had to belong to a Nordic dweeb. He may have aced Rape'n'Pillage Theory 101, but - like you- he probably sucked at physical education.

4. A set of heavy brass tongs used in the castration of priests. Heh. "Nut crackers".

5. The Golden Cape of Mold. All too often the glorious civilization of North Wales is overlooked in favour of those show-off Egyptians, Babylonians and Mesopotamians. With the Cape of Mold, the BM goes some way to righting this gross injustice.

My top tip though, is a serious one: Don't try do everything, but don't plan ahead either. Entry to the BM is free - just wander in for an hour or so whenever  you're in the area and let your curiosity take you where it will.
Without question, the greatest museum in the world!!!

If you visit London, plan to spend a spend a day here.  The museum's extensive collection is truly impressive and will show you how far-reaching the British Empire was during the 18th and 19th centuries.

Plan ahead! Like the Louvre in Paris, you will not be able to see everything in one visit alone.  Do some research and choose what  interests you.  The Egyptian collection is fantastic and the highlight of anyone's visit will be the Rosetta Stone.

During my visit, I really enjoyed seeing the Magna Carta, the Lindow Man, the Sutton Hoo Treasure, and the Greek collection as well.

*** Museum is free.  Go early in the day and bring your camera!
Always superb. The "new" atrium creates a wonderful light and airy space in which to sit, think and plan your route.


 Current History of the world in 100 Objects in association with the BBC provides an excellent way to navigate the museum - giving real insight into human development across the ages and continents - starting with a 1.8 million year old cutting tool!


 Quick lunch in the courtyard cafe, browse of the bookshop, then home. Perfect!
Simply ignore any reviews below 5 stars.  Someone from Ohio actually gave the British Museum 3 stars?  What the hell?  According to her profile she considers Pop Tarts food, so what does that tell you.  I could spend days here and I know I only scratched the surface in the couple of hours I was here.  If you actually were not in a coma during your history courses you will be amazed when you turn every corner.  Oh what is this?  Only the Rosetta Stone.  Oh look that is actually Cleopatra's mummified remains.  Hmm, and over here we have a figure from Easter Island.  The British Empire's worldwide reach created one of the top 3 museums in the world and a must see when you are in London.
Maybe I should think about relocating to London... I love it here. I suppose the history and the architecture has a lot to do with it as well. I love museums and this has to be one of the most exquisite museums I have been too. The gloominess of London almost makes this place more beautiful than it already is, if that's even possible.

This place is filled with hidden treasures on display for your eyes to feast on. The Rosetta Stone is so beautiful and is definitely a highlight. I have always been fascinated with Egyptian artifacts and this museum has an extensive Egyptian collection, to fulfill the hearts and minds of any fellow Egyptian enthusiast. Quite possibly the next best thing to actually being in Egypt to see the Sphinx!
As you stare at the pedimented frontage, you're looking at the triumph of civilisation...  from the Rosetta Stone, key to decipherment of hieroglyphs, to the "modern-day Aphrodite" of Kate Moss by Marc Quinn. 

It was then the reading room and library that drew many writers e.g. Dickens, Gandhi, Wilde... now the special exhibition hall of the BM. I'd luxury to follow the series of shows on great leaders of the world from the First Emperor, Babylon: Myth and Reality, to the most recent Moctezuma, Aztec Ruler...

Gazing at the turquoise mask, I'm almost obsessed by the Mexica culture: One flute is painted in blue pigment, alluding to the association between music and water; another bears a finely modelled head, conveying a sense that instruments are animated object...and the most beautiful greenstone heart, almost a sphere, with suggestions of armature and fruit. The heart pattern is also used to decorate the walls of those sacred chests...

BM may not quite stand out in the pack for New Yorkers. Until I went up Parthenon and realised that the missing frieze, i.e. the Elgin Marbles are all in BM. the restored clocks & watches gallery (Rm 38-9) is worth seeing. You learn how the mechanics works by watching the interactive media and playing yourself.  

At the end of a busy day, you could pop into the Museum Tavern opposite the Museum for a quick drink. You maybe sitting in the exact same seat where Karl Max ('father of communism') sat before you :)
One of the best museums I visited and its free as well.

A must see in the museum is the rosetta stone.

This is one place where you want to spend loads and loads of time, so plan accordingly.
The British Museum is one of the best places to spend a rainy day in London.  There are endless treasures to captivate you, whether you're into antiquities, drawings, jewellery, or any of the other host of treasures on display at any given time.  The spectacular Great Court is a sight to see.

The lecture halls and conference rooms on the lower level are some of the comfiest and well-kept in London and believe me, I've seen many!
Magnificent, no other words.

On a rainy afternoon, I was taken to the far corners of the Earth, spanning thousands of years, seeing some of the greatest artistic contributions to humanity, civilization and art, ever created.  Ancient greek statues, the Magna Carta, Incan treasures, ancient coins and jewelry, Medieval manuscripts, the Elgin Marbles....there's no limit.  You will not be able to see everything in one day, maybe not even two.  I can't wait to come back to the UK to wander around here!
I really loved the British Museum! We really don't have anything as good in the states (unless, like was mentioned by someone else, you live in a big city). Here in Phoenix, Arizona, the closest things to a fun museum experience I've gotten is the State Capital.. but that's nowhere near as cool as this was. 

My family and I actually came here by accident. We were looking for something else at the time (though I can't remember what!) and saw the museum. We went in and spent close to two or three hours and STILL didn't come close to seeing everything we'd wanted to see.

I was 16 when we went, but I've always been a history "nerd," so this and the Tower were my favorite parts of the entire 8 day trip. Mummies, mideval artifacts, Greek collections, etc etc.. it was all fascinating. I can't wait til' I make it back to London because I'll surely be stopping in.
I used to make fun of my dad for his affection for the British Museum - but I can totally see it now -- I have seen some of the most interesting things here -- more recently -- the most amazing exhibitions on ancient chinese and babylonian civilizations -- they put everything together really well. All the pieces come together to tell a very vivid story about the very interesting things that human beings have done in the past - which I like -- i don't like the fact that half of this stuff was looted -- but credit where it is due - they have done a great job with the upkeep! The sandwiches in the cafe are pretty yum and the lobby itself is beautiful! The bookshop is expensive but there are lots of interesting things to look at! All in all a nice way to spend some free time! There is also a delcious restaurant across the street a few blocks down and a truly awesome comic book store right near there -- so i think it makes a wonderful aimless wandering weekend kind of day!
i actually found this place by accident. I guess I went through one of the side entrances because there weren't that many people. I just saw two lions and walked towards them... Next thing I knew I was in a museum and it was pretty damn cool.

They have all types of things in here for every corner of the world. I didn't stick around all day though. Even if you're not much into history you should just come here at least once while you're in London to check out some of the cool things they have going on. I'm going to go back and take a visit on purpose one of these days. The hall in the centre is absolutely amazing. When you get there you'll know what I'm talking about.
Every time I am in town, I have to go in. The collection of art and history is overwhelming, in a very good way. It is right up there with the Rijks Museum in Amsterdam.
I could live in there for years and never get board. Yes there is politics behind some of the acquisitions, but for myself I am glad I got a chance to learn from my personal viewing that is on display to the public then for private eyes. I am pleased with the consistent care given to each of the displays and up keep. I am glad it is history, art, culture, education and beauty I can behold and experience for myself. It is a kind of zen experience for me. I get to look at a individual piece that has been around longer then 10 fold my own life and bam, it is a form of time travel for me.
The staff are friendly and informative. If you need a break, their cafe is of high tasting quality. I also like their gift shop, a good selection of books, reproduced jewelry, sculptures, figurines and posters.
This is the most impressive museum I've ever been to. It made me feel the reality and power of ancient cultures like I never have before - which is what I think museums are meant to do.
The collection is excellent. 

The admission is free.

And although I feel for those who voice concerns about how many of the artifacts were acquired I think it is far better that they are showcased in an international city rather than in an oligarch's den.
Such a stunning collection of ancient civilization relics and artifacts.  You need a couple of days to really put a dent into the collection.  Their Ancient Greek and Egyptian collections are stunning.  Make this a top destination when in London.
This is my favorite museum in London. Like Lizzie G. says, it's grand without pretension. It's the kind of place you can visit many many times and still not see half of it and the rest of it you'll feel happy to see over and over again! 
And the mummies are really cool. They have tons of mummified pets- even a goldfish! 
Highly highly recommended. There's something here for everyone.
This is my city and if I had to choose my museum I think that this would be it. I remember coming here as a little girl and as a teenager and now as a somewhat grown up person. It's the little girl inside me though that loves the beautiful objects in the big glass cases, a bit like the one that snow white slept in. But here you will not find the 7 dwarfs, maybe some tiny clay men but not dwarfs.

So I use to come here and draw a lot when I first came to London. It was a great way to spend an afternoon out the rain for free and it was actually fun to sit with a little sketch book and draw the detailed art that someone created thousands of years ago.

So if you like beautiful things this is the place to come, it feels grand and great without the pretension it could possibly have. It's totally worth the visit.
What couldn't be liked about the British Museum?! To die for.
Love this museum!! Not only do I love how they separate the time period by the world region but everything is clearly labeled and so there is a TON for everyone! Ancient jewelry for women to stare at, old timepieces, tons of statues and MUMMIES! The museum itself is also historical and looks amazing from the outside as well!  Do go here! It's free and worth the time!
London. I heart thee. 

Being from the states (aww hush now) the museums here are, eh...ok. Unless you live in a big city like NYC, Chicago....even Dallas has some good ones. Or you can visit that small little museum of salt and pepper shakers in Arkansas? Riveting. However, the British Museum is one of my favorites in the entire world. True. 

My friends wanted to go here and I'm thinking...um what? A museum on vacation...spare me. I went, more like they dragged me along....and then they were dragging me out. I wouldn't leave. 

Many many wings make up this museum, its enormous. Really. 

Greek Room, Roman Room, Egyptian Room...with mummy's? Check! 

It's just amazing how much is actually here and what the museum was able to acquire. In the Greek room they have old structures that are huge! In the Roman room...columns of equal size. The mummies are "fresh" for lack of better words. They have this one little room strictly for OLD OLD drawings (not paintings) from DiVinci. Really amazing work. Drawings on small paper, drawn with a pencil. Say oh...few hundred years old. It's amazing to believe that these statues, drawings, sculptures are REAL! Like created hundreds, even centuries ago! The history is absolutely....ugh, I'm getting emotional. 

I really have no way to describe this place other than it's absolutely amazing and London should be very proud to have something so wonderful at their fingertips. I am jealous. If I lived in London I would go weekly and visit a new room every time. 

Ok enough sapp. London...high 5!
Unbelievable museum in a great area of London. You could spend an entire day exploring the highlights. I prefer to narrow down what I want to see each time I go.
Great halls of antiquities, too many cool things to see in one visit. Only had enough time to visit the Assyrian, Roman and Egyptian Wings-as these stay open later than the rest of the muesum.

Excellent displays, and you are eyeball distance from objects thousands of years old. Informative displays, and show the items in their original placement give you context on the item and the scale.

There is an interesting opinion from the Brit Museum that discusses their position on the (plundered) Elgin Marble controversy that you should also read... 

The layout and museum design are also first rate, giving you comfortable viewing without feeling overcrowded.  Just try to get past the big crowds in the main halls and you will see treasure after treasure.  And all for free-but leave a donation when you depart to continue to support this fine establishment.
This was where I first fell in love with the United Kingdom.  I went here 3 times in my first week in the UK, during the January cold snap.  Walking through the bracing cold and then entering the breathtaking main hall of the British Museum is one of my fondest memories so far of my time in England.  (I tell this to English people and they look at me as if I'm a crazed loon...who enjoys English winter?)

Another fond memory occurred shortly after, when I was walking around, turned a corner, and almost bumped into the Rosetta Stone.  I hadn't known that this was located in the British Museum so that was a pretty astonishing moment.  But really, time spent in the British Museum is a series of one surprise after another.

Thank you pillaging Englishmen for putting together such an amazing collection!  It may have been wrong at the time but the end result is incomparable.  I also quite enjoy the free guided tours of various parts that are on throughout the day.

I can't believe I used the word breathtaking in this review.  Fortunately the British Museum is not as lame as I am.
Let me just sing along here with the rest of the choir.. Here are 2 reasons why it makes no sense *not* to visit the British Museum when you're in London..

1. It is free.

2. You get to stand in close proximity to and gaze upon things that were gazed upon by famous remarkable historical characters from long ago.. and are now objects of current controversy.
Well.. OK a lot of places in London offer up history... I mean throughout London lots of English kings and queens and scientists and writers .. seem to be buried underfoot, uhm, about anywhere you walk.. But at the British Museum.. thanks to 19th Century British Imperialist adventurist plunder.. you can stand in close proximity to items gazed upon by even *more* ancient personages.. from lands even farther and farther away than England.. 

Like, for instance, the Parthenon marble frieze AKA the "Elgin Marbles.." .. you can stand inches away, in climate-controlled comfort,  from the very same and remarkable statuary that was commissioned and probably gazed upon by *Pericles* .. leader of the short-lived but immortalized Golden Age of Athens.  The frieze, running around the top of the Parthenon's perimeter, was cut off in blocks which were then were spirited away from Greece, century before last, by the Earl of Elgin with permission of the Ottoman Turks (the occupying foreign rulers of Greece at that time) .. And are now the object of contention between Greece (which has constructed a very beautiful climate-controlled museum of its own with facilities to display the marbles *if and when they are ever properly returned to their rightful country of origin*) and Britain.. 

I believe most modern day Brits would concede the point.. but returning these objects would sort of be conceding that practically *all* the prominent foreign objects residing in this place as a result of 19th Century plunder.. ought .. (really) be returned to where they were gotten from.. And then there would be no British Museum.. If you were on the governing board of the British Museum what a thorny ethical dilemma! 

But fortunately for you.. you are *not*.. You are just a tourist. Your mission is simple.. as long as the British Museum and all the artifacts it holds within are where they are.. you must pay it a visit and take in with your eyes.. as much as you can.
Another must-see in London. Free admission. Where the National Gallery is strictly about art, the British Museum leans more towards a natural history bent with ancient artifacts. I learned about the Greeks vs Brits fight over metopes from the Parthenon. You could spend a few days wandering about the place, but I would select a few exhibits you want to see so you don't get too tired.
how could this place be free? forget everything inside, thats 10 stars worthy, out in the front they have a hot dog stand that smells delicious. thats 5 stars on its own.
Ok well not much comment needed British Museum is worth seeing! Huge, gorgeous, and full of exhibits, and it free! You can't beat that, just don't forget to leave a donation, $5 is nothing compared to what you see where.
This place is incredible. I went to the V&A Museum and thought they had some cool things. The British Museum blows any museum out of the water. One of the nice perks of taxing residents of London so much, is that it gives us travelers free access to the museums. Thanks. 

Right when you walk into the place, my breath was taken away. The Great Court is just gorgeous. This is the main area right in the middle that you can branch off towards the exhibits. Since this was my first time here, I immediately went straight to the world famous Rosetta Stone. It definitely had the most foot traffice than any of the other exhibits. So, I snapped my pic and moved on. 

I have never seen so many ancient artifacts/art in my life. The over 5000 year old well preserved Mummy that goes by the name of "Ginger" was amazing. The preservation of this human is unreal and I couldn't believe that much was still left after that many years. 

I could go on and on about this place, but the bottom line is that it's just amazing. It has something for everyone and if you aren't left speechless when you leave, then you're doing it wrong.
This is the grandest building I have had the honour of setting foot in. Wow, wow, wow! So big, so vast, so awe inspiring.

The Egyptian room has a magical element that is breath-taking. It is truly incredible to be in the same room as some of these artefacts. 

This is an ABSOLUTE must see place.
I went on two different days and I needed a mere two more weeks to see it all. There were so many magnificent things that there is really no way to boil it down so I will just say among the treasures, being able to see a case of Babylonian boundary stones was so cool. I know nobody will probably get why,  but to me to see that many in one spot after looking at them in books for years was incredible. The sea of illuminated incunabula  was kind of cool too. I have to go back!
2 WORDS: ROSETTA STONE

2 MORE WORDS: FREE ADMISSION

This place is pretty damn cool...a lot of great artifacts from different continents....I LOVED the Egyptian rooms with all the mummies...they also have art from Africa, Asia, etc.  

The food/cafe area is always PACKED with people...if you have the money, give it a try.

You will definately be taking a lot of pictures here...but please, don't bring your kids if they are rowdy.
It's hard to add to what's already been said. It really is a truly amazing museum, and on my top 'To Do' in London. I've been twice so far, and it was only just recently did I make it around to the Rosetta Stone (which was INCREDIBLE! best believe). 

I'm a huge Egyptian fan, so I spend a lot of time in that wing, especially with their impressive collection of beef jerky (mummies). They have nice guided (free!) tours daily throughout the museum, so it's always worth checking the board for the offerings. 

And as an added bonus, they have little fold out chairs you can take with you around the museum. Perfect because you do a loooooot of walking!
WOW! WOW! and more WOW! Just walked around in a state of delirium thinking I was in ancient Egypt. Gotta hand it to the British Empire for getting all this treasure and booty. What would Imhotep say? perhaps: "Eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow we shall die."
The British Museum is one of those quintessential (and free!) aspects of London one must visit. Yes the Egyptian artifacts and mummies are great, but all of the art from ancient Greece, the Near East, Far East and Africa are equally amazing as well. The architecture is amazing and the space is so expansive that it can be a bit daunting at first. But if you take your time and choose what you want to see, it's perfect.

The Egyptian exhibits were great but I really loved the Asian art and the traveling exhibits and themed rooms. I love also that they have tours in the different parts of the museum at different times so you can focus on your specific area of interest.

The one negative point was the architectural organization and the amount of closed paths/stairwells. I was unable to find my way to certain areas of the museum because of the organization. However, I did find my way into some rooms I would not have seen normally because of this roundabout organization, so that's nice.

Absolutely fantastic. 5 giant stars
What better way to spend several hours at an enriching landmark that does not charge admission (very well funded)  This is an excellent place for Nat Geo enthusiasts, history scholars and enthusiasts on ancient Greece, Asia, and Egypt.  BM may be able to connect the dots one's mind has been restructuring between past research from ancient history class and 2d images seen from Discovery Channel.  Compare notes with a confidant and you'll find the rest of your trip debating and pretending to be knowledgeable on what you just saw inside.  This was another good choice for downtime before we flew out to Madrid for a meeting.
This is a fun museum to go whenever your in London, there is a lot to see. You will find information on cultures from all round the world. At the museum there is a cafe and a souvenir shop which is also pretty good. The museum is fun, exciting and interesting for everyone, the kids may find it a little boring but you can also go to the science and history museum, which is also really fun.
The British Museum is a masterpiece of architectural design and curatorship. The giant steel and glass ceiling encases an enormous marble courtyard. The light streams through here and creates the most magical and serene setting. And that is just the setting. The artefacts are so old I had to read the labels twice. So this pot was used 2500 years ago! I exclaimed to my friend. Remarkably well-preserved. And of course there's THE Rosetta Stone which is pretty friggin fantastic.
This is a place that would make you feel there is not enough time no matter how many times you have been there. I have been to there several times which I also found that there are still a lot to see.


 Most of the exhibitions are fixed but there are some sections which will change their theme regularly, it it the reason why you need/attract you to there again and again.


 Also, British Museum is free of charge which add another credit to this scenic spots.


 It is a must for those who are going to London!!
A fantastic museum and it's also on my list of free things to do in London. I like to limit myself to 2-3 hours or I get museum brain. It's also good to note what times there are tours though yours areas of interest. 

The special exhibits are not free and sometimes need to be booked many days in advance. Make sure you check online before you want to visit to see what you might otherwise miss. 

The food at the cafe is very expensive, I suggest hitting up Boots or Sainbury's for some picnic items if you want to get the most out of a budget friendly outing.
The best museum ever! Seriously, I have been do all the major US city museums, some European ones and a couple in Canada. This museum blew them all out of the water. The funniest part is that it was the best collection of American Indian artifacts I have ever seen. The Egyptian collection is incredible. I'm used to seeing Egyptian artifacts that are in small plastic cases. These are pieces that are almost the size of the 3 flat I live in! It left me wondering if anything was left in Egypt! And of course seeing the Rosetta stone was cool. The best part about the museum is how close you get to be to everything.  On the down side...it reminds you just how much the British Empire pillaged other nations.
When I visit London again, I have to visit this museum again.

Unless someone is writing a review at this very moment and submit it before I do, this is review #40, and all previous 39 have been 5 stars.  You don't get 40 5-stars for nothing.

This museum is huge.  I knew that it was big (from the website), but it didn't really hit me until I got there.  Unfortunately, I only had an hour or two to spend here, so I could not explore as much as I wanted to.  Ideally, I would love to spend the whole day here!

I've always wondered why Europeans have that image of being more "cultured" than Americans.  I realized why.  All three museums I visited (British Museum, Natural History museum, and Museum of London) are all admission-free!  I don't have to go to these places on first Tuesdays of each month!

Come on, America.  You can do it.
"Hey check it out, there's the Rosetta Stone"

Seriously, how cool does that sound? 

The British Museum is gigantic and can be overwhelming. Kind of like Bob Costas's ego just not as interesting. But if you keep your focus and not try and see every exhibit you too can have an enjoyable outing. 

I have visited the museum on many occasions and it does seem as if they do a very good job at keeping the displays fresh and include something new each time. 

Admission is free, but there is a donation box right out front. I suggest you drop a few pounds just to ensure you end up in a good place after you leave this reality.
When I picture heaven, I picture the British Museum.  It's free (which boggles the mind in addition to pleasing the wallet), and I can honestly say it was one of the most mind-blowing, extraordinary, surreal, and wonderful experiences of my life thus far. As a die hard history buff and archaeology student, the collections were an absolute delight to peruse. It's also always been kind of a pipe dream of mine to work here.  

The Egyptian area is truly the best I've seen, but one gripe: people are allowed to touch the stone artifacts. Yes, they are large, and yes, they are stone.. but  every person who touches it has all these oils and grime on their fingertips, and this can lead to some erosion over time.  While I'm sure the museum knows a lot more than I do about this, I just remember it bugging me at the time.

God.. writing this review is giving me some serious Londonpangs. Next time I'm back in my favorite city, I'm coming straight to the British Museum.
Truly a world-class museum. Love it, love it, love it. Almost never get bored each time I visit. If you are a Classics major, you'll LOVE this museum (I'm not one but I still like it anyway).

Gotta love all the jacked Greco-Roman, and Egyptian stuff. ^_~

Lawl one time I went and I walked in the wrong direction (I ended up on that left side of the series of buildings that has no entrance). I asked this dude where the British museum was. He gave me the, "Awww lookkk... it's a lost tourist, how cute!" look. How embarrassing.

The recent time I came the center library thing was closed for renovation. Too bad.  Next time though, I'll raid the library.
Its free and full of so much history, and beauty I could DIE... They do have a donation box, and I did donate because I spent a fair amount of time in here and the fact that this place IS free makes me want to give a little!

I saw so much I could barely take it all in! 
Fav Parts:
Rosetta Stone
Parthenon/Elgin Marbles
Jewels from Imperial China
7th Century Anglo-Saxon Armor
Ancient Assyria

I could go on! But i wont. The long and short of it. Allot a big part of the day to this and the Tate Modern. Both Free...BOTH AMAZING
For those reviewers saying you can touch the Rosetta Stone, nope, sorry, it is now protected by a display case.  I do remember being able to touch it when I was a child. That was a long time ago, though. I also remember being able to buy genuine scarabs from the gift shop-- not reproductions. I still have quite a few of them. 

I still love the British Museum. Along with the permanent collection of artifacts pillaged from ancient cultures around the world there are often quirky exhibits, such as the one I saw yesterday honouring an Iranian wrestling champion from the 50s & 60s.

A nice way to spend a Friday night is to got to an early dinner, then late night at the museum -- or vice versa. Either way you don't have to worry about turning up too late because it's open until 10:30 on Thursdays and Fridays, sometimes 11:00 for special exhibits.
The British Museum is even better than one might expect. There are some amazing treasures there, and it has an unbelievable library. Entrance is free, so students have NO excuse, and is located in Bloomsbury-which is a nice place to walk around afterwards and maybe grab some lunch. A good weekend activity, and a nice meeting spot for a date. It is well lit and has good security. The museums here are so wonderful-I intend to visit many more times in the upcoming months.
Besides being the first museum I visited in London, the British Museum has given me fond memories of mummies and the Rosetta Stone. But besides that, there's so much to cover that you're likely to be tired by the time you've finished half.


 During popular periods (e.g. summer afternoons), this place is as packed as a supermarket, but it shouldn't detract from all the exhibits there: Money, watches, art, sculptures, etc.


 There's a good shop for souvenirs, e.g. books tailored to the Museum and other sorts of souvenirs. There's also 2 cafes, but I've not tried any of them as they aren't exactly cheap, but that's usual among museums I guess.
What a marvellous place. Plenty of exhibitions, loads of variety, some amazing old bits and pieces from around the world (including some staggering Babylonian and Persian artefacts), and it's free to get in. Just a wonderful place to come and spend a couple of hours. Often busy, of course, but still worthwhile. You owe it to yourself to come here.
i was lucky enough to visit this beautiful museum last april when the terracotta warriors were there. my partner had to que for a long time but we eventually got tickets but well worth it as not only is the museum an incredible building but the exhibition was fantastic. it was so well laid out and organised. te staff were strict but very pleasednt.
Yes, I *did* just elbow your 7 year-old in the head to get a better view of the Rosetta Stone.
Another FREE masterpiece collection of history!! 

There are many who say you can't see the British Museum all in one day but I found this NOT to be the case. We came outta there feeling like we had absorbed the best of what the museum had to offer & it was amazing! 

Tons of Egyptian, Grecian & Roman relics - outstanding 

Abundant Chinese jade, weapons, sculptures - breathtaking 

Mass amount of jewelry that could easily fit into today's fashions - what girl doesn't love her BLING!? 

Rosetta Stone.....wow ! This speaks for itself!! 

British Museum is an incredible collection of the most magnificent & wondrous relics to behold - worth a visit or 2, that's for sure!!
My first instinct is to give the British Museum four stars, but upon further reflection, I realize that anything less than five is simply a naive and inaccurate assessment.  This review is written with the 1st time visitor in mind.

The British Museum houses the relics of the great civilizations of the world from antiquity forward.  Perusing the collection is like surveying a course in hegemony and the British Empire.  There is no way to cover all the important aspects of planning your visit here, but I can narrow down  the more salient points.

-the entire collection contains 7 million objects
-4,000 objects are considered to be the HIGHLIGHTS of the collection
-guided tours are at 1030, 1300, 1500
-flash photography is permitted in most areas (but not ALL areas)
-admission is free (donations are encouraged)
-special exhibitions may require a fee
-open 7 days a week
-open til 2030 Thursdays & Fridays 
-closed Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Boxing Day
-lockers are available (small fee) 

My personal tips:

1.  If it is your 1st visit, pay for the 90 minute guided tour.  Then go back to see the areas that are of interest to you.

2.  If you can't attend one of the guided tours, purchase an audio guide.

3.  If you can't afford the fee for one of the above, go to their website and print out a 1 or 3 hour itinerary where you can guide yourself.  They also have an itinerary for visitors with children.

1 hour itinerary http://www.britishmuseum.org/pdf/Visitor_Itinerary_1hr.pdf

3 hour itinerary http://www.britishmuseum.org/pdf/Visitor_Itinerary_3hr.pdf

itinerary for children http://www.britishmuseum.org/pdf/Visitor_Itinerary_family.pdf

4.  Break up your exploration over several days, if at all possible.  Visits of 1-2 hours per day make the enormous collection of "must see" objects more palatable.

While it may be possible to walk through all 4km of the British Museum in a single day, you would be selling yourself short in doing so.  If you must see it all at once, you can break up the day with lunch outside (weather permitting) or in the upstairs food court.  I recommend packing your lunch and placing it in one of the lockers.  When you are ready, you can avoid the crowds in the food court by popping outside to a nearby park and enjoying your snack and some fresh air before continuing on.   

Here are some snaps to my favourites...

~Colossal bust of Amenhotep III http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=7Ip7AaAfia7IjUmtC6fXvQ
~Rosetta Stone http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=aRO8P4E19d1MPFLiQFpQNw
~smudgey fingerprints on protective casing http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=I4w1CBcoMntJ3oQS1mTAHQ
~Discobolus http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=UFOi2cQfZDlN9qjclRa7rw
~The Great Court http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=Ul9NopohqzNguzjEgJIleg
~Round Reading Room (sometimes called the Karl Marx Reading Room)http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=crTChSMYbMP3Bv_uJ3igCg
free admission? rosetta stone? people dressed up in costumes?
yes please.
If I had to choose only one of London's great sites to see it would be the British Museum. In fact if I had to choose a building in which I had to spend the rest of my life it would be the British Museum. There is that much to find within its halls, chambers and recesses that I think it would be a good five years or so before I got bored.

If anyone comes to visit me in London they can expect my own personal version of the grand tour. It begins with a swift left towards the Rosetta stone then you follow through to the Elgin Marbles, the contentious friezes that came off the Parthenon and ended up in the care of Lord Elgin. There are all sorts of sights to see along the way and each time I go I see something new and ancient but the tour next takes us upstairs to the Egyptian galleries past the rows of sarcophagi to the man I like to call '5,000 Year Old Dead Guy'. He ended up buried in a super dry sandy pit which means he still has teeth and hair yet he's been dead for more than the aforementioned 5,000 years. Seeing him never fails to give me some perspective about my life, prune-like though he is. I then pass though the ye olde Englyish section which includes the treasures from a Viking burial mound, Roman jewellery and coins and a Bronze age cape moulded from gold. Heading back towards the front of the museum looking for the Lewis Chessmen I discovered the final stop on the tour-de-my-favourites by chance, Rooms 38-9 - the Clock Galleries.

Before I entered these rooms I had no idea how interested I am in the mechanisms that make clocks tick, but inside are watches and clocks that have been ticking continuously since the 14th Century. I never knew they had clocks in the medieval period - I thought people were still passing the time burning marked candles, but I was mistaken and I was very pleased to be put right. In fact I was totally fascinated. Now I feel the need to spread my wonder amongst my visitors...but after that I give them some free time and let them finish the tour by looking for their own wondrous discoveries.
Ode to the British Museum

From the arching glass brow of your glowing mystique,
Keep me here and I will seep into the marble stones,
Rosetta and unknown, keep me here and I will thrive
on Ivory tusks, and golden eyes
Coffins and jewels and symbols of the past.
Keep me here and I will outlast the dust on the donation bin
the crevices of goddesses and gods forgotten
We will decay together in this world of begotten wonder and beauty
Savor the moments of history you touch, 
mummified mums and hardened hearts of steel
Stolen from the land of its owners, behind glass
Behind us we see what we have lost.
I love the Elgin marbles and the Rosetta Stone, of course. It took me about five or six trips to see everything, except I'm probably wrong and still have not seen it all! During British traipsing around the planet, they sure did collect an awful lot of neat stuff. And you can see it, here, for free! What was your excuse for not going again? Oh, right, you had none.
I love this place! It's a bit daunting to try to see the Rosetta Stone, but the rest of the museum is amazing. The Brits have definitely done a lot in terms of archeology, and their collection proves it. Every aspect of the museum is amazing, and the museum itself is beautiful. You can spend the entire day there and feel like you have not conquered the entire museum. Since all museums are free in England, it's worth going.
We like going to museums and this place, is my favorite.  The collections are awesome.  I'm particuarly fond of Egyptian and Asian Art and they have one of the largest I've ever seen. Even some of our collections at the Asian Art and De Young Museums pale in comparison.  If you stop to read everything and examine everything, you'll need a minimum of 2 days or more to get thru it.  But, if you just hurry thru and walk thru quickly, you can do it in a day.  A whole day.  The place is big.  They have the largest mummy and sarcophagus collection I've ever seen.  It satisfies the childhood dream I had of becoming an archeologist until I realized it was dirty work for a girly-girl like me.  Camping outdoors (no, not backpacking) is as rough as I'm willing to get.  Let someone else do the digging and deal with the deathtraps laid out for tomb raiders.  I'll just come pay the ticket price to see it on exhibit.  Am I excited about the Tut exhibit coming to SF?  You betcha!  

The Asian Arts have a whole section (not just a couple of rooms) to itself with urns, bronze, porcelains, jades, paintings, statues.  Many are from the Tang and Ming dynasties.   There are Japanese and East Indian arts as well.  

Not a lot of places to eat here and the "restaurant:" is more buffet style with soup, sandwiches, pizza, hot plate(pasta), salads.  But, it has sit-down space. They have a food counter in the lobby area to purchase sandwiches with tables/chairs set-up.  No food in the interior museum areas.  The bookstore is not too large but has a lot of art books for you to browse thru.  My BFF was so happy to come to this place, it was the highlight of the trip for her and we were glad to share the moment.
There are only a handful of truly stupendous museums in the world:  the Metropolitan Museum in New York City, the Louvre in Paris, the Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City, and the British Museum are on my list.

I love the Metropolitan Museum in NYC and I've spent more hours in that one museum than any other, but the British Museum ups the Metropolitan on a key point:  drama.  

The reconstructed stone-columned facade of the Nereid Monument from ancient Turkey stuns you with its structure and the three haunting, headless, draped figures standing tall underneath a massive pediment.  The room of Elgin (nee Parthenon) Marbles is one of the great galleries in the world.    The colossal marble statues of members of the Hekatomnid dynasty, from ancient Turkey, are in a comparably small gallery; but, that only reinforces the large scale of these draped figures.  Finally, almost strangely, the infamous Rosetta Stone sits quietly in the shadows of colossal ancient Egyptian heads in a gallery not far from the museum entrance; but, it attracts lines of visitors nonetheless.  I could go on.  The Standard of Ur, from royal graves in Iraq (circa 2600 BCE), is a hollow wood box covered in shells, red limestone, and lapis lazuli, that depicts a long procession of people.  The African galleries feature plaques from the Kingdom of Benin.  Other galleries contain gigantic figures from the coast of western Canada.  Every corner of this museum can capture your attention.

Even for those who detest art, history, culture, and anything else beyond video games and television, the British Museum will still have its way with you once you set foot inside its doors.  Beware.
One of the truly amazing museums in the world. The collection is incredible and so varied that it can actually be a bit confusing. At the time, there was an exhibit about life and death around the world and there was an awesome piece in the middle of all the pills someone had to take in their life on a table. It was a powerful piece the way they put it all together. 

The Rosetta Stone is awesome, and constantly swarmed by people. The Egypt and Mesopotemia areas are great, better than anywhere I've been easily. The Hall of the Lion Hunt pieces was both awe-inspiring and depressing. I love when thing like that are presented in that way because they really become effective and powerful. 

I saw teh drawings room was closed, but they had a fine little exhibit that featured Durer and various others, including a fine series about the end of British Slavery. 

I really liked the food area. Plenty of seating and the food was good and not too expensive. 

One complaint that turned into something awesome. They change things on the fly and there are often empty pedestals left in place without signage or anything. I took good use of this by pulling out my iBook and opening it up to my Trip Report and leaving it on the pedestal that they had left empty in the Indian arts section. I left it there for ten minutes and tourists came up to look at it. It was wonderful!
Without a doubt, one of the worlds greatest collections under one roof. A truly wonderful day/week out. I believe the biggest mistake people make is not give themselves enough time to take in all the wonders which are contained between the walls. Heck, you could spend just one day in the ancient Egypt exhibits.. or another day, just going through the library. There is a well stocked lunchateria inside the museum with tea and wonderful freshly made sandwiches when you need to get off your feet. No one minded me taking photos or walking around at our leisure. You may get consumed from time to time by a hoard of perfectly uniformed chillin as they go through the museum with teachers writing papers and such for school, but that adds to the pleasure. The best part.. it's free. They do have donation bins, and you should drop some coins in there. You could get lost in here if you are not careful, and don't forget the gift shop, some great postcards and all kinds of haberdashery is available.
My absolute favorite museum!  Love it!  You cannot see this all in one day, so don't try it.  Try a multiple day trip so you can enjoy every aspect of the museum.  Don't forget to donate so the museum can stay free and stay open.
Despite some flaws, I think this is the number one museum in London.  It's just so... museum-y, like the museum that all other museums came to and said "Huh- so this is what I'm supposed to be like."  There are some culturally awkward moments when you realize they have half of Greece & Egypt's antiquities, but hey- it's the British Empire we're talking about.
My son and I loved the British Museum.  They have a great selection of historical pieces such as the Rosetta Stone but I think out favorite area was where all the time pieces were.  

The time pieces are so intricate and fascinating such as this ship http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz_photos/YRA2VnhFLChIh1ZD31cXjg?select=J-m3itPazRuZ0jtPI-nlgw and yes that is actually a time piece not just a model of a ship.
Probably London's top museum, with Egyptology that blows away anything found in New York's Museum of Natural History and Metropolitan Museum of Art.   Why? Cause the British and their
presence were in Egypt way before America was... of course.
And you will find exciting items in the museum like original Guttenburg bibles, the Original Magna Carta document under air tight glass, 
the original works of musician's hand written scores of Mozart and others, the diary of Captain Cook with entries before he was killed on the remote islands, and the death orders of Queen Elizabeth in writing, and much more.   Can you say incredible history right before your very eyes?
London is an expensive place to visit.. so if you've spent all your GBP on the Tube and pub pints, come and spend a day here b/c its totally free. Highlights include the original Rosetta Stone (not the language software), the huge Assyrian winged bull sculpture and wall sculptures, Easter Island statues, Egyptian mummies, Chinese Jade collection, and also, the FREE entry.
On my first visit back in 2002, we were fresh from our overnight transatlantic flight, and wandered the collections like zombies, occasionally nodding off on a bench.  We did rouse ourselves enough to take in the Rosetta Stone and the "Elgin Marbles."  Otherwise I recall merely a blur of statues, vases, monoliths, etc.

On my most recent visit two years ago, I had only thirty minutes and made a beeline for the Lewis Chessmen and Sutton Hoo treasure.  Seeing that iconic bronze helmet was cool, but I fell in love with those chessmen.  Whimsical but noble, elegant but functional...but that doesn't do them justice.  I had the pleasure of seeing the other set of Lewis Chessmen in the National Museum of Scotland last year, and unfortunately (for the Scots), the British Museum got the better and more substantial portion.  Either way, don't miss seeing these if you can tear yourself away from the more popular exhibits downstairs.

It does make me uncomfortable that much of the museum's holdings are morally objectionable items of imperial inheritance, but there isn't much that I can do about that.  Maybe the museum authorities will grow a conscience someday.
The British Museum was the setting for one of the best dates I've ever been on. The only problem was we were talking so much that we cruised by the Rosetta Stone and barely saw it, and now I have no memory of it. Oh well -- I'll be back one day.
the british museum has free admission.  score!  seeing the rosetta stone, was a highlight after reading about it for years in different classes in school.  however, you'd need a decent camera or a filter to remove the glare from the glass enclosure when you take a picture - or at least find a decent angle, which is difficult with all the other gawkers.

i browsed the various souvenir shops and i couldn't decide on what to get for myself.  a rosetta stone paper weight?  a british museum mug?  45 minutes later ... i chose a magnet, which was easier to pack.

i would love to come back and visit again someday.
LOVE THIS MUSEUM!!

I love it how most of the museums in London are FREE!! It took me over 3 days to see the ENTIRE museum!! I came here a few years back when there was a Michelangelo exhibit on tour!! I like how the rooms are organized by region and eras.

**an adventure story**
There was one particular piece that I wanted to see there, Lewis Chessmen. It was on the other side of the gallery. I was determined to find it. When I finally found it, it was about 5:30pm, the time the museum closes. All the doors around us were closed. It was really weird because for a split second I thought I was trapped in the museum. But apprarently, there was an unattended luggage next door that they believed to be suspicious. So I was stuck in the gallery with the art pieces that I had wanted to see all day! Just my luck! So we had to evacuate and we got to see the inside of the museum. I tell you it was an exclusive behind the scenes viewing. They had shelves with old artifacts and cases of stuff. It was sooo neat! It looked like their basement/storage area. Eventually we were led to the front of the museum! What an adventure!
C'mon yelpers, the British Museum rates only four stars?  You liked the Elgin Marbles and the Rosetta Stone but thought that the vinaigrette in the cafeteria was a bit too aggressive?

I was here with my family in June on the way to Paris from the States: we flew to Heathrow, took the Picadilly line from Heathrow to St. Pancras, and then started to walk around the neighborhood while our Eurostar train got provisioned.  Hey, check this out: one of the world's great museums beckoned to us.  With no admission charge.  What a great place!

My only disappointment had to do with the loo.  I remembered from the old days that the toilet paper was emblazoned with the message "Property of Her Majesty the Queen."  Maybe I mis-remember?  Nowadays the paper is blank.  Perhaps this represents a branding opportunity for someone.  Oh, never mind.
Have to see. This is one of the best examples of British stealing art from other parts of the world. just kidding!!! No its one of the best places to visit in London. You have to see the Greek and Egyptian artifacts that they have. Such Beauty and History from all around the world. You need to come back a few times but well worth the time.
112 reviews? Really? Wow. I'm not really sure what else i can add to such a place.


 But I love it here. I do. It's my favourite museum in all of London. It's HUGE! Bigger than huge! I'm still not sure that I've seen everything in here. It's not really the kind of place you can pop to for an hour. Unless you work near by and want to come for a peaceful lunch break. More people should do that. It's a great way to relax if you're having a hard day.


 I remember once I got offered a job while i was in here. The security dudes didn't even mind when i was jumping up and down in the Asia exhibition making a lot of noise. It was my birthday and I was happy! I think the giggled at me.


 Great place. You might think that London has a shit transport system, rubbish traffic and it rains a lot, but damn they do a great museum.
Having worked in the museum for a short while, I can definitely say it's well worth a visit. Firstly it's free in! (always good to hear)

I usually make a beeline for the Egyptian Section, where you can find the Rosetta stone, the Bust of Ramses the Great, wall paintings and mummies galore! The other sections to explore include the Greek and Roman, African Oceania and the Americas!

From all the walking around one usually gets really hungry after a while so there is a coffee shop in the Great Court where you can get a sandwich, tea and coffee but for those of you that have are a bit more flush then a trip to the Great Court restaurant is a must where you will experience fantastic views down onto the great reading room. Or failing that there is usually a man outside the gates of the museum selling hot dogs for £2!

Opening hours are from 10-5.30 with late opening on Thursday and Friday. It's always pretty busy no matter what time of the day you go. There are also late nights every so often where you can get a free glass of wine so watch out for those on the British Museum website.
For me The British Museum remains one of the most spectacular and awe-inspiring destinations in the capital.  Every time I walk into the central atrium and look about me it sends goosebumps up my arms.  I must have been dozens of times by now but every time I return I discover something new and am amazed in a different way.

Born in 1753 the British Museum is one of the oldest on the planet and over the years it's built up quite a treasure trove of art and artifacts from across the globe; some obtained quite legally and others which one might call morally questionnable.  The British Museum houses more Egyptian pieces than any other museum outside of Egypt and it is for these pieces that the museum is best known.  However, the BM also houses treasures from Greece, Italy and the Roman Empire, China, Assyria, North America, Mexico, Korea and many more.  It is because of this ever-changing and ever-growing range of historical artifacts that the British Museum has remained at the forefront of historical investigation and as a world-renowned centre of public interest.

A truly wonderful collection housed within a truly remarkable building.  To come to London and miss out on the British Museum would be like missing the Louvre in Paris.
The British Museum was first established in 1753, and its collections house more than 7 million objects, among the largest and most comprehensive in the world. 
I first went to the British Museum fairly recently, just a few years ago, and was amazed at the sheer size of it.  The reading room on the ground floor is incredible, huge bookshelves on two floors, filled with ancient, beautiful old hard backs, sadly locked behind glass panels.  

As you walk into the museum, you're confronted by the great court, the roof is covered with uniquely shaped panes of glass, an impressive introduction to the building.

I took my Gran a few months ago and she got very excited about the Rosetta Stone, an ancient Egyptian artifact which was used to decipher hieroglyphic writing.  To be fair, it was pretty impressive, and I learnt something new which is always a bonus.

If you're in London you've got to see the British Museum at least once.  There are a few regularly changing exhibitions so it's worth keeping watch on the website to see whats on.  The First Emperor: China's Terracotta Army was a temporary exhibition and one of the most successful the museum has ever staged.  

Brush away any prejudices of boring museums and check it out, you might be pleasantly surprised.
The British Museum is vast. VAST. Once in there, you'll wan to skim around everything just to try and fit it all in. You won't. So take your time, work out what you want to see most, and really make the most of viewing some of the most amazing historical artifacts in the world from any period of time. Accept the fact that you'll have to come back on more than one occasion to get a look at everything else - and even if you don't think you'll be interested in some things, once you are in there it takes you over and you won't be able to get enough.


 For me, I'm interested in the history of Egypt, so from the outset I was fascinated.


 A good idea if you work nearby is to go on school-trips on your lunch break with colleagues, as it's also good to get it in bite-size pieces!


 It's almost criminal that this is free.
London greatest hidden gem! A place once visited will forever hold a special place in your heart. The main library is the best in the world. It is magnificent and totally inspiring. A must for all in London and the world.
If you're serious about seeing the British Museum properly and a leisurely pace I would recommend taking two days out of your trip to do it properly and I'm not kidding !! There is SO much to see that if you spent a few hours looking then you've either missed out too much or virtually ran around the place !! It's not a place for smaller kids as they will become bored and you won't enjoy the exhibits the same, but my young teenage daughter enjoys a nice wander around these days, although in years gone by that wasn't always the case and I felt rushed. If you want to take the kids, I would bribe them with the prospect of the Natural History Museum or the Science Museum afterwards and that may keep them happy for a while !! I don't have a favourite exhibit as such although the controversial Rosetta Stone is always a crowd pleaser.
The entrance is free, although there's a small price for extras such as the Egyptian Mummy x-ray exhibit and there's also a gift shop and cafe area too.
A great, traditional museum housing artefacts from all over the world that still manages to be interesting and informative for young and old alike.


 The layout is clear and spacious; and you can always pop in to the large central atrium to sit down and have a picnic under the cover of glass.


 The Egyptian wing is very popular but there is something for almost all cultures with great Japanese, Korean, Babylonian and Greek exhibits too. And of course all the Angl-Saxon treasures are great too (even if they are a little overshadowed by the other exhibits).


 A great place to come and relax; I think there are late night openings weekly and music nights and special events in the great hall that are great as well.
A wonderful way to spend several hours in central London; and the main collections are all free. Whether you simply marvel at the architecture of the magnificent Great Court, or crush up with a herd of tourists to look at the Rosetta Stone, or wander through the riches of half the cultures and civilizations of the world, this is an great place to lose yourself for as long as you have time to spare.


 It's often stupidly busy, and yet even in rush hour the GReat Court is a breathtakingly light and airy space, that seems tailor made for sitting against a wall and watching the crowds go by.


 A definite must see for anyone spending time in London.
The Museum is wonderful. We spent a day there but could have easily spent a week & still have not seen all we wanted to see. The fact that it's free (apart from special exhibits) is an added bonus.


 The building itself it very impressive but the exhibits are priceless. You can travel around the globe & see artifacts from all over. Of course some we really shouldn't have there BUT it is amazing to see everything pretty well displayed from so many different places & cultures.


 Tourists should forget the overpriced & less than appealing Madame Tussauds & the really dire Dungeons & come see just a little of the real gems here. They have no idea what they are missing!
This place has a wonderful collection and is full of experts too! If you've uncovered a dusty antique at home, been digging up the garden or crawling about the Southwestern Sahara and want to know what exactly you've found ask at the desk for the department reading rooms. Experts will see people with thier antiques once a week. Either make an appointment or walk in on the given days. I took in an amazing Newari Necklace and they told me all about it, gave me an incredible reading list and sent me off with a smile! Bring out the antiquarian super sleuth in you!
Without doubt one of the world's finest museums. So much to see, a single visit does not do it or yourself justice. I revel in the ancient culture and the museum as a wonderful space itself is a joy. Perfect for families, young and old alike. Free entry as well, what a bonus.
Along with the Natural History Museum, the British Museum is the UK's finest museum and best of all has free entry.


 It's collections come from all over the world thanks to the former British Empire & private donations from collectors. With this sometimes it comes in for criticism from some quarters (The Elgin Marbles for instance)


 I love the mummies & the Rosetta stone, but the museum really does cover every country & era so if your particular interest is something else you can be sure there will be something here for you.


 By far the most jawdropping is the roof of the great court with its criss-cross roof. Also slap-bang in the middle of the museum is the Reading room, a circular library.
I love the British Museum. There is always so much to see and becasue its free you can go back again and again if you don't manage to see everything that you wanted to. Some of the areas do need updating but the the main 'tourist' exibits are always well maintained. I love the Great Court and think that it is a wonderful place to just watch the world go by. The Elgin Marbles are interesting, the Rosetta Stone is also great, but the trouble is that these are often all that visitors see. Make the effort to go upstairs to look at some of the less visited galleries. If you go with kids make sure you get activities for them to do, otherwise they could get bored.
What a great museum! I think that there are more things to see here than a person could get through in a week. My family loved this place


 Hoa Hakananai'a, the Easter Island moai, was one of the high points of the visit for me. The Rosetta Stone is absolutely awe-inspiring. The Egyptian, Roman, and Greek displays are totally thrilling. The English historical artifacts are just plain amazing. You get the picture - the displays are wonderful. The down side of our visit was that we found that we had to pick and choose which displays we could spend our time visiting, as we lacked sufficient time to explore the entire facility. You really should go there if you're visiting London.


 We spent a little extra to go through the Hadrian exhibit. We were expecting more insight into the man and his time and, in my opinion, it would have been nice to have had some more dramatic settings for some of the displays. Nonetheless, we're glad we toured the exhibit and feel that it was worth the additional expense. One of our children even thought it was more impressive than 'King Tut and the Golden Age of the Pharoahs' at the O2.
The British Museum is one of these places that you could happily spend a whole week in.


 They have the most amazing exhibits from all over the world and the way everything is laid out and presented is just amazing!


 Entry is free, which I think is good because it encourages people to visit and learn about the exhibits, where they came from and so on.


 My favourite exhibition is the Egyptian mummies, I find it really interesting and was really amazed to be able to come so close to such a thing.


 I would recommend anybody go, no matter what age! And go often, the exhibits change oftenly.


 Oh how I would LOVE to go into the basement and see all the things that are kept from the public!
The British museum is big. Really big! It would be difficult to see everything held here in a day. It covers a wide range - both historically and geographically. The special exhibitions are very good as well, but the more popular ones can sell out very quickly. 
This is a great way to spend a rainy day in London, but can be crowded on the weekends.
One of my favourite museums in London. I have no idea how many times I have been there as I have lost count.


 There is so much of interest, particularly the egyptian section. I end up in that section every time - it is just so fascinating.


 It's free as well so can't be bad
Although the museum is free, I've recently been to two of it's ticketed exhibitions, The Terracotta Army and Hadrian. Based in the famous Reading Room both exhibitions have been well-designed and organised.


 The Terracotta Army was breathtaking to be able to stand face-to-face with the figures and marvel in their unique details. Hadrian was informative, I'd heard the name so many times before because of the wall but never really knew anything about the man.


 I've enjoyed these exhibitions so much that I bought tickets for the next one 'Babylon' when I got home from Hadrian.


 If you don't fancy paying for these there's plenty to see in the rest of the Museum including their own Crystal Skull, very Indiana Jones.
the best museum ive been to yet you just have to go there its fantastic its aimed for an older audiance though
This place is so cool and it's free!
Went down to London at the start of the summer and we had time to kill before we left in the afternoon and we stumbled across this place. So much to see, I particularly enjoyed seeing the mummies and the Rosetta stone. This place was quite and unexpected treat!
One of London's better museums, it always has amazing exhibitions on. Hadrian, which is currently on, is great; it really gives you a sense of the times, especially if you hire the audio tour guides. Always worth a visit, no matter what is on.
This is a brilliant place to bring young children - it is both fun and educational. It is also good place just to spend the day for the whole family.
If you only ever go to one museum in London it should be this one.


 The British Museum always has lots of interesting temporary exhibitions but to be honest it is the permanent collection which is the real jewel.


 It's filled with artifacts from a period in history where nations raced against one another to acquire to best artifacts from around the world.


 Some exhibits such as the Elgin Marbles are controversial but they are displayed in a fantastic space with lots of informative information about their origin.


 I think the British Museum also has the biggest collection of mummies and sarcophagus outside of Egypt.


 The traditional and imposing building hides a fantastic secret, the inner section of the museum was cover by a wonderfully undulating roof of glass panels which link all the buildings together and form an amazingly open and airy space to stroll around and enjoy a coffee between exhibits.


 The Reading Room is another jewel in the centre (literally) of the museum and was once seen as the center of learning in the nineteenth century. The British Museum have started to use it as exhibition space but make sure you get to see it when it's returned to it's original state.


 Oh and did I mention entry is free?
free to wee since 1753


 I first popped into this museum the other day purely because I was desperate for a wee and couldn't find anywhere else nearby where I could go without having to buy something or at least pay more than i paid for my shoes. After I was finished though I was distracted by the amazing artifacts and came back the next day for a proper look around. Unfortunately the lazy staff were all on strike that day so I didn't get to see everything but I have been back several times since over the last few days (again, for wees) and have managed to have a quick butchers and all the bits I missed. It almost makes me happy that the British plundered the world and scoused all the best stuff - you can come here and see all of human history concisely laid out in one place.


 lovely building / layout too.
With it's neo classic pillars and enormous central ampitheatre, the building is almost more exciting (especially to us Londoners livng in tiny one bed flats!) than the collection itself. 
There is a little something for everyone here - which is lucky because being free - there are lot's of everybodies. 
Post colonial and modernist displays are given more than lip service although really everyone is here to see the great trophies of empire. The pock marked Elgan Marbles (er sorry - that's the Pantheon Colletion in museum jargon) is impressively ensconced in a light filled hall, but such is the quality and extent of the early civilizations and classic collection that it fails to stand out from the pack. (Read - I think the British Museum would be no worse without it and Athens greatly enriched) 
The item of greatest interest to me was one that I walked past several times - I didn't see it because it was surrounded by tourists bumping and jostling and taking photo's as if they'd just cornered David Beckham - that item being the Rosetta stone. 
I nudged my way in and stared at it for a few minutes until the crowds and there flash photography drove me away (Why do they need to photograph everything??? They are never going to look at it again - bring back film! At least that was self limiting..)
The Rosetta stone is amazing, and I guess I can't expect to have it to myself. It is beautiful, with delicate handcrafted symbols on smooth black rock and rough jagged edges. But the story it tells of mstery revealed when lost ancient languages converge with the known, is simply icecream for the imagination.
My last visit to the museum was about 4 years ago and boy was i impressed! the sheer amount of exhibitions and the layout of all the different areas is extremely immense and all for a unbeatable price ( 100% free! )
I love the British Museum, there is so much to see here. I first went when I was a child and I was fascinated by all the archaeological finds that were displayed.


 I last visited a couple of years ago and saw the Ancient Egypt exhibition and the Rossetta Stone. I was impressed with the newly built Great Hall.


 Its really good that the British Museum and so many other museuams and art galleries offer free entry now-a-days.
Truly stunning, there is so much to see It would take a lifetime to see everything
It is arguably the most popular tourists attraction. You must visit this place if it's your first time in town. The impressive museum exhibits include the egyptian mummies(not for the faint hearted), greek antiques and a a library to name a few. Get your guide ready as it'll be a whole day out!
They have Cleopatra's mummy! -- edit: I have been informed that this is not THE Cleopatra but I am totally confused about the signage in the museum that points to a mummy and refers to it as being Cleopatra, seems misleading to say the least -- Now, aside from the fact that a lot of the stuff here should really be somewhere else (Elgin marbles anyone?), you can't argue with the fact that the British have done an excellent job of housing and preserving historical artifacts from all over the world.


 This museum is a must visit in London. You can't possibly do it all in a day, so get the map and pick your favorite eras. I could spend hours in the Egyptian rooms. They even have little cat mummies, which I have never seen anywhere else.


 Oh, and it's F R E E. Go now!
Boasting it has always been free this is a great place.
I like to do it in small doses except I have an obsession with the Egyption collection especially mummified cats and hamsters with rucksacks full of food for the afterlife.
Love to gaze at the Rosetta Stone.
The current print exhibition is good. I went to see the Hoppers and was a little disappointed there were so few.
One day I will afford to buy myself a replica Cat with earrings and a nose ring :)
The British Museum deserves its worldwide fame. It contains some stunning relics, like Cleopatra's mummy, the Rosetta Stone, and the Elgin Marbles. Beyond that, though, it houses hundreds of thousands of pieces from all cultures and times on the planet. Perhaps you'll welcome the debate about how much of this stuff is stolen from its original and proper place; or perhaps you'll merely want to see it all.


 Well, seeing it all isn't an option unless you live in London and can make repeated visits over years. The Museum can't put everything out at once, and some exhibits cycle new items from time to time.


 But it's worth it. Every single bit is fascinating, well-documented, and palpably communicates its history. Focus on Middle Eastern, Asian, North American, whatever culture you like.


 Even a trip around the current holdings would take days, though. The building is massive. It's not at all hard to get lost, especially amongst the crowds that infest places like the hall of mummies. The interior courtyard, with its glass-domed ceiling, is breathtaking.


 The gift shops provide the opportunity for truly unique gifts. The cafés give you a welcome rest break.


 Best of all: it's all free. Though you really should donate something.
This is one of my favourite places to go for a walk in all London Town. I've spent many a happy lunch hour there.


 The small inner courtyard has been transformed by the Tardis effect of a spectacular glass roof that makes this public space appear bigger than it actually is. It has also turned what was rather drab part of the museum into an area of magic and dreamlike qualities, that's so airy and bright.


 The temptation will be to look up all the time so be careful of bumping into the hundreds of other people who are doing exactly the same thing.
A MUST for anyone visiting London.Ths imposing building is a nice place to be in if you have some time to grab some education. Entrance is free except for the more publicised exhibitions, and for that you get an ever changing programme of displays to gaze and wonder at.


 Nice cafeterias but a tad expensive (I wish those counter staff would smile a bit more). I cringe when I see the abrupt and unfriendly way they treat tourists. C'mon folks! the tourists and visitors help to pay your salary so make some effort wont you!)


 The shops on the ground floor have some nice souvenirs and postcards to take home with you. Again, the staff are a bit unsmiling and tight lipped and depending on individuals' moods, they can get a bit tch! tch! and off hand. You get the distinct impression that some of them hate their jobs.
Totally agree with annyeap - you really need to try and get along to see this exhibition, or indeed event. There have never been this many of the figures outside of China and in one place before, so it's a unique experience (unless you have been to China of course...).


 The exhibition itself is brilliantly curated and really underlines how amazing Qin Shihuangdi, the first Emperor of China, really was. His achievements are remarkable - starting as head of one of the provinces of China and then conquering the others to create the basis for modern day China. In his spare time he sorted out one currency, one set of weights and measurements and built the original great wall. All in the space of about 35 years. The exhibition tells this story fantastically well and really takes you on a journey through it, showing how everything interconnects and then finally you come across the figures at the centre of the display - they are stunning.


 Perhaps the most intriguing aspect is that the huge tomb which the First Emperor is buried in remains untouched. Various techniques have shown there are two massive buildings underneath the artificial hill created over it, and there are huge mercury deposits which have led people to speculate there are rivers of mercury in there...intriguing and yet the Chinese seem almost frightened to investigate it. Instead they focus on excavating the pits around the tomb where the Terracotta Army themselves were found.


 Even though there is not long left the British Museum is putting 500 tickets on sale first thing in the morning each day so you still have a chance to get along. The only slight problem being you will not know what time slot you are going to get as it's a time allocated visit.
Well there was almost everything said about this museum, but i just want to mention the exhebitions that are in the "basement" of the museum. Dont miss these ones!!! They are really great and you really miss something if you dont see the artefacts they have there (from native americans, aswell exhibitions about africa and its civil wars).
This museum has been a favourite of mine since I was a kid. There are various departments but the one that always stands out is of course the mummys. They are presented in glass boxes and you can even smell the preservatives or mould-dunno what the smell is but it makes the expereience more authentic! The mummys, as do all artifacts come with descriptions. Other exhibits include the rosetta stone, the marble slabs from the parthenon in ancient Athens and ancient artifacts from persia, if i remember correctly, along with a great deal of other artifacts. There is much to see and Ive never been able to see everything in one day, so you will have plenty to see. Entry is free and finding it may be a little difficult, but signposts are somewhat helpful. Take a map so you wont get lost.
There is no question that the British museum is one of the world's great museums, even the 40-50 yard walk from the gates to the grand entrance is something of an epic affair. Inside the museum the courtyard has to be seen to be believed, it's a sort of postmodern/colonial/whitewash dome. Anyone who has been will stand as testament to it as it really sets the tone for some incredible collections. The staff are all intelligent and dedicated, if you're particularly interested in something they'll be able to help you in the right direction. Collections include Renaissance Europe, Ancient Egypt and African pieces from thousands of years in to our past. Every Londoner and tourist should have been to the British museum.
I don't even know how many times I've been to the British Museum. Have I seen everything yet? Of course not. Probably because I get stuck standing mesmerized in front of the moai  or the Rosetta Stone (if there aren't five million people gathered around it)  or . You get the point. The British Museum is brilliant and one of the most wonderful places in London to spend a day.
Although, the history of the British Museum itself can be quite disappointing for its funs, it is definately one of the greatest tourists' spots in the world. 
The first thing which strikes one right from the entrance is how well the museum is organised. Everything seems to be on a right place, and I consider the fact very helpful when You just want to discover the history of the world from the beginning. 
It has a large collection of statues, and painting, also fragments of the ancient buildings, and everything there is original. The most tempting hall, however, is the library. 
In the centre of the library, there always lies the book-it can be everything- Columbus' diary, or simply the nineteenth century novel. The thing is every day you can read one page of it- and the next day there will be the second one shown. Its absolutely amazing how many unique books you can read in that way! (obviously, it takes sometimes a year to read one, but who cares!). Love this idea and enjoy going there
One place I have visited a few times and there is always so much to look at. You should really choose 2 or 3 parts of it to look at in one day and read the note with the exhibits instead of just look at the artifacts and not finding out where they are from and where they fit into history.
All I can say is the British Museum definitely made good from colonialism and the British Empire. But then it is cool to have all these treasures from around the world in one place for all to see.
I haven't made it into the Terrecota Army exhibition yet as its a timed entry and tickets at £12 go quick on the day.
The eygptian exhibitions are brilliant but could do with more readable information with the exhibits, so people know where and how it fits in. Could be more like the dinosaur bit in the Natural history museum where its a bit more interactive and colourful - better for kids of all ages I think. The rossetta stone is amazing and well worth spending 5 minutes in front of.
The asian exhibitions are equally as magical.
The African one was a bit of a disappointment as it seemed quite modern and focussed on Africas violent past and present, come on Africa is the cradle of life!
Its always busy there and not entirely pleasant with a pram!
The cafe area could do for a few more tables as well!
I seemed to have had a bit of a moan, but I love it really!!!
How could anyone possibly visit the British Museum and not come away with a deep and abiding love of it? One of my favourite places to while away a rainy day, I am sure that you could visit every day for 10 years and still not come close to seeing every single piece here - the pride of London, surely, if not the UK?


 And it's free!


 I always get caught up by the Assyrian and Phoenecian displays, but always end up at the Egyptian section to admire the Rosetta stone and the mummies. A super place to take any newbie to London too.


 Food & drink is fairly pricey in the Great Court restaurant but sometimes needs must! A better bet is to load up with a decent breakfast and head in there about 11am, which leaves you a good 5 hours to wander before the hunger pangs set it and your feet feel as if they are about to fall off.


 Always keep an eye out on the website for their special deals and exhibitions. The "Terracotta Army" is already sold out for pre-Christmas dates, so it pays to book well in advance if something catches your eye.


 I recommend you check out the Egyptian and Middle Eastern sections, if nothing else. Also, do have a look in their Gift Shop and pop a nominal amount of cash into the "pot" at the entrance/exit to the Museum to help pay for its upkeep.
The British Museum is a must for anyone visiting London. The collection includes some of the finest pieces of human and ancient history in the world. 
A newly renovated entrance hall was inagurated in 2002 (I think..), a glass dome covering the old courtyard between the old building and the inner Library (designed by Sir Norman Foster).
The building is compromised of various galleries with everything from Ancient Egyptian Art to Oriental artefacts.
Don't miss the Rosetta Stone.
Unquestionably, this is one of the greatest museums in the world. Housed in one of London's architectural landmarks  the astonishing neo-classical building is worth a visit in itself - the collection is one of the finest in existence, spanning two million years of human history.


 The original basis of the collection were the 1.7 million objects collected over his lifetime by the physician, naturalist and collector, Sir Hans Sloane (1660-1753). His will bequeathed them to the nation, and an Act of Parliament in 1753 established the British Museum. Housed in Montagu House, a former mansion on the present site, the collection opened to the public in 1759.


 Sir William Hamilton's collection of Greek vases and other classical objects, were purchased in 1772, followed by acquisitions as the Rosetta Stone and other antiquities from Egypt (1802), the Townley collection of classical sculpture (1805) and  the subject of controversy ever since - the sculptures of the Parthenon, known as the Elgin Marbles in 1816.


 As the natural history collection and the library expanded, Montagu House became rapidly outgrown. In 1823 the gift to the nation by George IV of his father's library (the King's Library) lead to the construction of the stunning neo-classical building designed by Sir Robert Smirke (1780-1867). The first phase was completed in 1852. Construction of the round Reading Room followed in 1854-7, designed by Robert's brother Sydney.


 Further growth of the collection led to the Natural History exhibits being moved to the present location in South Kensington in the 1880s. The library collection moved to a new site adjacent to St Pancras in 1997, although the famous reading room remains as a great attraction in its own right. More recently, in 2000, the roofing of the Great Court (the space between the Library Reading Room and the wings of the museum) has provided one of the most amazing public spaces in London.


 Access to these formidable collections is free. Although they cover the whole world, it is especially strong in near-Eastern antiquities, with the Roman, Greek, Egyptian, Persian, Assyrian and Mesopotamian collections being outstanding  simply world class. The collection of British antiquities  which include my favourites - includes fabulous gold and bronze treasures from the Bronze and Iron Ages, silver and glass from Roman Britain, the eerily preserved remains of Lindow Man and the Anglo-Saxon treasures of Sutton Hoo.


 As with the Louvre and the Pergamon Museum, the collection is simply too vast to even consider attempting in one go. That's where free admission comes in handy  you can pop in for an hour or two, and see the collections in manageable quantities. There are also stunning exhibitions from time to time  the current (September-April 2007) exhibition of The First Emperor, featuring statues from China's famous Terracotta Army, together with other objects from his empire, is beautifully curated and suitably impressive.


 The museum's education department is also world-class, and it makes a huge effort to accommodate people with disabilities, with large-print guides, magnifying glasses, special touch exhibits and a portable sound-loop system available on request (check in advance). Most of the galleries are accessible by wheelchair, with a number of lifts on each floor, and wheel-chair lifts at the main entrance.


 The Museum also has an excellent shop, two cafes and a restaurant. Food prices are rather high, but the menu is varied and the quality is good. Alternatively, there are a number of restaurants in the surrounding area and in nearby Covent Garden.


 The Museum celebrated 250 years in 2003, and remains a must-see on any itinerary in London.
Having worked in the museum for a short while, I can definately say it's well worth a visit. Firstly it's free in! (always good to hear)


 I usually make a beeline for the Egyptian Section, where you can find the Rosetta stone, the Bust of Ramses the Great, wall paintings and mummies galore! The other sections to explore include the Greek and Roman, African Oceania and the Americas!


 From all the walking around one usually gets really hungry after a while so there is a coffee shop in the Great Court where you can get a sandwich, tea and coffee but for those of you that have are a bit more flush then a trip to the Great Court restaurant is a must where you will experience fantastic views down onto the great reading room. Or failing that there is usually a man outside the gates of the museum selling hot dogs for £2!


 Opening hours are from 10-5.30 with late opening on Thursday and Friday. It's always pretty busy no matter what time of the day you go. There are also late nights every so ofen where you can get a free glass of wine so watch out for those on the British Museum website.
Being a big history buff this was always going to be a stop on my sight-seeing list around London.
Not only was I pleased to discover the entry was free (museums usually cost a bit back home) But this place was chock a block full of so many things to see and do that I could easily spend many an afternoon wandering around it's many levels and halls.
A great way to spend a rainy afternoon-
Hi dear,I went to British museum.Amazing dear.Seeing all the ancient arts and culture .In that Japanese art was beautiful.The ethnography collection was really beefed up.


 Everything is treasure in the museum.Don't miss it my dear.


 My mom and me enjoyed a lot
Fantastic collection of Italian Renaissance art.
Truely incredible!!!!!!
The British Museum, or 'BM' to those that are familiar with it, is one of my favourite places and the new Great Court has made it even more impressive. The new development, besides being fantastic in itself, also opens up the museum and improves ease of access to all areas. In the past, although a quaintly charming feature, it was such a maze that most people got lost trying to get to the bits they wanted to see. Not that this mattered - everything in the museum is impressive. Most people go for the Egyptian stuff, but don't forget the wonderful sections on Medieval Britain, Roman Britain, Assyria, Ancient Persia, China, Japan, Korea, Mexico and Native North American culture
A wonderful break
Sometimes you just need to escape the rat race road rage of busy London. The best escape is to visit the British Museum, you will definitely stand in awe of all things past. You suddenly realise that the stresses of the day are very insignificant.
Seeing the Rosetta Stone is worth the trip alone. Of course, there's a ton of other things to see here as well. Not going to lie - I'm not a huge fan of Egyptology, and that makes up a large portion of the exhibits. I was able to catch the Sunken Cities exhibit, however, and that was interesting. Tons of videos, but the entire thing was a bit small (luckily, I didn't have to pay since I borrowed a friend's membership card. Shh, don't tell anyone!). There's a whole Asian section in the upper floors as well, which has a ton of Oriental porcelain plates. Tons of statues everywhere too, if you're into that.
I am generally not a museum person, but I was excited to see both this one and the Titanic Museum in Ireland. As it was almost time to leave, I realized we somehow hadn't seen the Rosetta Stone yet, so we set off to find that. It's free to visit, and there is a ton of stuff here.
First of all, this place is free. Woohoo! 

Second of all, it's HUGE. There are a TON of exhibits, some of which are paid but plenty of them are free! I sincerely enjoyed walking around for a half day and seeing THE ROSETTA STONE and a million other REALLY cool things! 

Great for tourists or locals, because the history in here is rich and the building is gorgeous.
The fact that the admission is free should make you want to come here, but the fact that the collection of art and sculptures are incredible here make you scratch your head that the admission is free. For such a vast collection of art, it's a steal to visit the British Museum for FREE!

As expected, the museum will be packed on any given day of the week and it was just that on the day we visited. There was so much to see in the museum that we probably could have spent a few days here if we wanted, but instead only spent about 2 hours. The museum is Greek inspired on the outside, with its temple-like columns and façade, but once you step foot inside you're greeted by the beauty of the Great Court's amazingly bright ceiling. I stood in the Great Court taking endless photos like everyone else, only to realize I hadn't even begun my tour of the real museum yet!

From the Great Court, you can visit all of the different entrances to the exhibits, with each section looking like it's own building within the Great Court. The diversity of the art inside is incredible - Egyptian, Greek, Roman, Middle Eastern and Asian just to name a few. If you're in a hurry though and can't visit all of the exhibits, try visiting the big ones at the very least. The highlight of the museum is without a doubt the famed Rosetta Stone in the Egyptian section. Also, the Greek sculptures from the Parthenon were quite fascinating as well. It was amazing seeing their vast collection of pieces from the Acropolis. It was as though we had been transported to the Parthenon!

Like I said, a ridiculous amount of time could be spent inside the museum if ones chooses to visit every exhibit, but with so much to see in London it's hard to spend all of your time here. With that said, since the museum is free, it really doesn't hurt to spend an hour or 2 just strolling around.
Great museum.  So much to see.  I only wish their special exhibits were priced a little lower (20£ is kinda pricey). It's nice that they have so many food options as well.  You definitely need a break when visiting.
Beautiful museum.  I particularly like it's exhibits organization.  Others will list out what to see, but I always find this a more cheerful spot.  My favorite things to see are the entrance and the evolution room.
Who doesn't like a binging on history once I a while? Especially when it's free...though donations are appreciated, and asked for, at regular intervals.

First off, if it is your first time coming here, do be prepared to walk...like, a lot. If you're new to London, you definitely have to make time for the unexpected, such as getting lost in an enormous museum that's a veritable maze at parts, shopping at the occasional souvenir shop inside said museum, taking a rest at regular intervals because the exhibition rooms often seem to go on forever, etc.

If you're a history buff, though, this is obviously the place for you. Every major empire in human history has its own room here. If you have roots in anything other than Caucasian, you might enjoy learning about you ancestry and seeing some artifacts up close. All I don't remember seeing were Hispanic-related exhibits. I know. Sucks to be me. 

There is definitely a lot to see, though, and it's not all limited to history. There were plenty of modern day things to explore; not least of which were all the cool things like jewelry and memorabilia you can get at the gift shops. They even have little cafes and food stands for the weary tourist. 

Don't forget to bring your good camera, asI don't think your iPhone will be enough to capture all this grandeur.
An interesting and altogether worthwhile attraction. It's free and there's plenty to see! Personally, I enjoyed the Rosetta Stone and looking at the Pacific collections, but I also feel a bit uncomfortable when it comes to places like this. We ended up spending about an hour or two here, but you could easily spend more.
Beautiful amazing object, in a phenomenal building. You could wander around getting lost for days. I especially liked the eerie quiet of the enlightenment gallery, as well as the medicine art exhibit. 
Also it's free! The only reason I've given 4 stars is all the queues...
It was down the street from our hotel, so I kinda had no excuse to not check out The British Museum.  Many people said that you must go.  It was between this and The London Museum for me.  

It is huge but not a massive as Paris' Louvre.  So allow time to go through it all.  However, it's free and they have donation containers throughout the first floor entrance.  Expect to wait about 7-10 minutes through security.  

I am honestly not too much of a museum goer as I tend to prefer going around the city and looking at the architecture.  There were some cool exhibits though and I totally feel like a douche if I give this iconic museum anything less than a 4.
This is a review for their upstairs cafe, where we had high tea. It's a good price for tea vs a fancy hotel, paid £20. We were served a lovely array of finger sandwiches, scones, and mini desserts. Service was ok.
Beautiful building and has some great extra exhibitions on, although they sometimes charge for this. Still a wonderful place to wonder.
Super crowded museum! One of my favorite out of all the museums I've visited during my time in London. It reminds me of the MET in New York. The line goes out the door when we got there, but it doesn't take long to get in, maybe a 20-minute wait. They also check your bags when you go in. Admission is free so that's great. The Egyptian section is probably the most popular part since that's where it was jam packed with people. You can spend a good afternoon here going through the exhibits.
When I was in London, it seemed as if the rain never stopped. I had to look for something indoors to kill my time so I decided to check out the British Museum. And why not if entry is free? 

When I got there, the main entrance was packed full of drenched people and wet jackets. I was second guessing my decision to come here because I hate crowds, but I soon found that the openness of the facility allowed everyone to disperse into a more comfortable environment. 

By no means am I a history buff, but I actually found the exhibits (and architecture) pretty amazing. I spent about three hours in the museum and I felt as if there was so much more to see and absorb. Despite the name, the museum doesn't only showcase British artifacts and history. It also included Japanese, Egyptian, Greek, African, and much more. It's a nice and educational way to spend an afternoon in London. Perfect for the entire family. 

I walked from Regents Park to the Museum. I enjoy walking so it was a easy travel for me.
A real gem! Great day out weather for first date or catching up with friends with a little bit of culture thrown in. Wide collections for all interest to view. Honestly I didn't drink up all the reading materials but some stuff you see there can definately spark some lovely debates
Huge museum!!  So big you can't even see a quarter of this place in one day.  We spent over 4 hours here just going over Egypt Sudan and the Middle East.  The mummy exam
Was amazing and
Got to see one of the cleopatra mummies.  I became a Egyptian pro ;)
The huge premises of The British Museum is located near Russell Square underground station.  I walked down Great Russell Street and through the gates, approaching the columns of the great building was certainly impressive.  I was lucky enough to be invited down to The British Museum for an evening viewing of 'Egypt Faith After the Pharaohs' exhibition, so when I arrived there wasn't the usual busy crowds and I was able to view the exhibitions with only a small group of people.  Despite this I wasn't able to see everything in the exhibition within the 2 hour time slot because there was just so much interesting things to view.  I'll definitely will be back to see more.
A museum that requires a good few days to thoroughly explore all it has to offer. Would definitely recommend the free daily tours they have of each section found within the museum, they are very informative and provide a lot of interesting facts you wouldn't usally learn through self exploration. It does get pretty busy over the weekend, so arrive early and make a day out of it.
London is filled with great museum and this one is no different. The building itself is enough to make your jaw drop in awe! Excellent little exhibition and a venue so big got should plan your trip accordingly! 

Lots of little cafes inside and out of your looking to fill your stomach with yummy food!
Review of the Celts art and identity exhibition. Ticket price £16.50 which I paid although got a comp ticket for a colleague through a contact. Was great to see a £5 exhibition guide for sale at the end as well as a £25 catalogue. Still busy even with an entry fee. 
Exhibition was in 3 sections, first bringing together biggest display I've ever seen of Celtic art and iconography in one place, examples found in Ireland, Scotland, England, Denmark,  Germany and Czech Republic. Some stunning metalwork especially the torcs worn around the neck and the huge cauldron found in Denmark illustrating many figures and gods that simply can't be identified. Magnifying glasses were available to try and see some detail. 
The smaller sections dealt with the rediscovery of Celtic art and identity by the Victorians and how figures are used even in cultural and political movements today, but this last complex subject felt like a bit of an afterthought. The overall tone was one of debunking the myth that the Celts were one race. Left me wanting to know more, especially about the powerful women who'd owned and were buried with objects. Of course the Celts' warrior status and love of strong wine was mentioned. Would have liked more on the making of pieces.
Must see for the objects either in London or when it comes to Edinburgh but little in way of content for younger audiences. The £5 lunch deal in the main court, quick and simple, was good to see.
I've been to the British Museum many times, it's Free to get into the main museum and is a must see in London and is a wonderful place to visit. It has many iconic pieces from the Rosetta Stone, to the Elgin Marbles.  You may end up spending two or three hours and still not see half of the displays.

However, we went specifically to see "The Celts: Art and identity" which is a new exhibition just opened on the 24th September 2015 and runs until 31st January 2016.  It costs £16.50 per ticket with another £1 booking fee.  I would suggest that you book online if you wish to get in to see this, as it was very busy and you will get a "timed slot" that you will be admitted for.  We went around 1 O'clock in the afternoon.

As with the rest of the Museum there's a lot of information, with what the item is, where it was found, how old it is, what it's made from, and what ideas/imagery/deity it is representing.  I have read other reviews for this exhibition, specifically one from the "independent" newspaper, who believed the exhibition was trying to say "the celts never existed!" which he didn't like and therefore stopped reading the information after he'd got past the first room.  Big mistake!  He lost out on the truth, and missed a lot of interesting and wonderful information.  This exhibition isn't claiming that the Celts never existed, on the contrary it says "The Celts were...." or "The Celts made...." on every single board.  It is in fact saying that the Celts, never called themselves the Celts, in a similar way Vikings did't say they are Vikings, and the name was adopted retrospectively.

The only thing that I didn't agree with is that "Celts" is a blanket term used by people in the UK to distance themselves from the English; considering where many of the artefacts were found, either pulled out of the river Thames, from Essex, from Surrey, or from Norfolk, this puts pay to the idea that the "Celts" are a culture apart.  There may be differences, but not so many as we are led to believe by popular culture.

As you go through this exhibition you gradually go from ancient pre-Iron-age to present day. With a great deal of beautiful items, including gold, silver and bronze Torcs (an ancient type of neckwear), shields, helmets, jewellery, and other more everyday items, all fascinating.  We ended up spending about an hour and a half looking through the whole exhibition. 

Would I say it's worth the money? £16.50 is a lot, especially considering the main museum is free to get into.  I'd say it was a little pricey, especially if you're with kids over 16.  If you're a member, or under 16 you go free!  This is true for any upcoming exhibitions too. Membership costs £60 for people 26 years old and over, and £42 for those under 26.  However, you can go into the same exhibition as many times as you like.  It may be pricey, as I say, but I enjoyed it very much. Down to 4 stars merely because of price.
If you had to pick one museum to go to while visiting london, definitely visit the British museum.  Esp. if you are visiting from NYC, Chicago, DC, or LA, you can skip the national art gallery and go straight to the British museum.  Just the lobby itself is breathtaking.  There are several fine sculptures and few pieces of architecture that are simply marvelous.  And of course, there's the usual art on canvas, but I think the special exhibits and the 3D art here are superb.  I only wish I did some more research and had more time to walk around.  The second it's time to leave, the guards have a great way of herding people out the door, so no night at the museum accidents here!
We went to see that Rosetta Stone mostly.  Saw it!   This place has a lot to see.  More mummies than Egypt.  Incredible Greek ruins. Spent over 4 hours and saw every room.  Got there at 10:00 on a Saturday. By noon it was getting pretty full. By 2:00 there was a wait for key attractions.  Plenty of cafes in the museum for a rest if needed.  They didn't look horribly crowded. Never found a water fountain.  Take water or be prepared to buy it. Definitely worth got to see!
I only give this four stars due to the poor flow of the facility. Also, the bathrooms left much to be desired. However, once you found the areas of history you were interested in, the exhibits were great. You could spend a lifetime here and probably not make it through all the details in each room. I would certainly recommend it for the history lover. Just use the facilities elsewhere first.
Here are some things you've wanted to see your whole life, including the Rosetta Stone.  It's a beautiful museum, light and open, but when we visited it was so crowed you could hardly see some of the attractions.  I just wish we'd had more time to enjoy the museum, but the crowds began to get to us.
SO much to see and lots of it is free. I saw the terracotta army exhibit here and it was really fabulous (if a little busy!)
I love museums, but I've never been in one so huge. This is truly an amazing location, but far too crowded as any tourist hotspot would be. I managed to walk around the upper floor and learned a great deal about Irish and Celtic history, Viking history, British History and so forth.  Of course, I couldn't see all the exhibits, one worker said they'd worked there for 20 years and still hadn't seen all there is to see.

I don't know about you, but I can't stay for 20 years as much as I'd like to, haha. Unfortunately bumping into people every few minutes makes me not want to go back to a place no matter how grand it is. Would I come back here if I had the chance? Yes, of course I would, but I'd have to be ready for the amount of people there.
LOVE this place. Especially mid week when its not crazy busy. Doesn't matter how often you go you always come across something new. The architecture of the building is also stunning and well worth taking a look at, it takes my breath away each time
Fabulous time chaps! As all museums are in the UK it was free! All you do is walk in and start your journey. It was a little crowded, but besides that it was amazing!! They had things from over 11,000 B.C.! But they don't have Titanic or King Tut! But, they do have Cleopatra's body and coffin. Overall, it was a great experience!
The British Museum was never very high on my list of "Must See" places during our trip, but when we found ourselves with a free afternoon we ran over to see what it was all about ... and I wished we'd allowed for more time!

This is an absolutely enormous museum, and there is no way to see it all in just a couple of hours; but that was all we had (after grabbing a quick lunch in the café). Fortunately, they have a map available that tells you where to find the top 10 most visited objects. We used that guide to find the Rosetta Stone, and the Moai from Easter Island, then breezed through the areas that most interested us - the Roman and Greek statues and artifacts. We also went in search of "The Great Wave" print by the Japanese artist Hokusai (which is featured prominently in the guide) but was told that it is only available for viewing by "special request" / reservation. WTH?

I'm sure you've seen photos of the covered courtyard with the large round building in the center, and yes, I can confirm that it is every bit as spectacular as you think it is. My husband and I are both architecture geeks and thought that alone was worth making the trip to the museum!

We covered a lot of ground but we didn't see everything we wanted to see. My advice is to brave the inevitable crowds and go early. Make a day of it! If I had it to do all over, that would be my plan!

PS: There are a couple of places to grab a meal at the museum. There is a very nice (and expensive) sit-down restaurant on top of the cylindrical building in the courtyard. The view is wonderful and I'm sure the food is good but we didn't discover it until after we'd eaten in the crappy little cafe downstairs. The cafe is immediately to your left at the entrance, all the way at the end of the building, stuck in an uninspired, dirty corner.

It's cafeteria style. You get in line with a tray, pick your meal, and seat yourself. I had a small salad, the soup of the day, and lemonade. The food was edible and that's the best I can say about it..The surroundings were dirty, the napkins were very small and very thin, and I really didn't feel comfortable picking my (unwrapped) utensils out of a big container on the table. Who's hands have been in that container? 

Overall it's a depressing little corner for an uninspired lunch. Next time I'll dine at the other restaurant.
You won't believe it's FREE to visit with all the great exhibits inside! It's famous for hosting the Rosetta Stone (which helped people understand ancient languages such as Egyptian Hieroglyphics), a statue from Easter Island (one of those big, serious-looking heads), the Nereid Monument (a large Greek temple-like structure), and lots of ancient Egyptian artifacts including REAL mummies.

Security will check your bag as you enter so there can be a queue if you happen to visit at the same time as groups of students. The great thing about this museum is it tends not to have lots of younger students as it's not very interactive.

Don't be fooled into paying £2 for a paper map as you enter, you can grab one for free in the Great Court area (and I don't think it's worth £2 anyway!).

When we first got there we were desperate for the loo but the main ones had a queue and quite a pungent smell so we tried to find the others, using the map and signs posted around the museum. After trying and failing to find any other toilets that were open, and that we were allowed to use (some were for restaurant customers only, grrr!) we returned to the original ones in the Great Court and just held our noses! This whole toilet fiasco is the only reason this museum loses a star!

It can sometimes be difficult to look at some of the more famous exhibits during busy times, so expect to be a bit forceful to get through the crowds if you really want a look. They have free mini talks/tours so you can find out extra information if you're particularly interested in something.

There are LOTS of steps at this museum but don't worry, there are lifts dotted about all over the place. And it's lovely and bright inside the Great Court (main area) due to the glass ceiling. I had to put my sunglasses on!

There are several gift shops; a specific one for books, a large one with almost everything, then several others with area-specific items (e.g. a Greek shop, an Egypt shop etc.) and we ended up visiting them all when I discovered that they sold rubber duckies dressed in different historical outfits (I collect duckies...and I came home with 5 more for my collection!). The prices are average, what you'd expect for a museum.

There's several cafes/restaurants inside but we'd taken our own sandwiches so I can't comment on the quality or price of the food.

To conclude: even if you're not interested in history YOU. MUST. VISIT. There are just so many beautiful, unusual and interesting things to look at, even if you don't want to bother reading the information panels. It's free so you're not losing anything by giving it a go.
From the perspective of a mom with a six month old:

This is a great place to come and visit if you want to kill some time or see some cool artifacts. The museum is pretty child friendly. There is a breastfeeding room, which while old and slightly dirty, does its purpose.

We took a lunch from Pret and sat down at a table inside to eat. When we were almost finished an employee came over and told us outside food is not allowed inside. Very disappointing...
I've wanted to visit the British Museum since forever! I can't believe I've been in London for over 5 years and hadn't been. I hadn't even been past it to see the magnificent building.

So, over the Easter weekend when it turned out to be too wet to visit Syon Park, we decided to head to the British Museum. It was busy but considering it was the Saturday during Easter and considering it was pretty miserable outside, it wasn't bad at all.

The building itself is magnificent and once inside and in the Great Court, it gets even better with an amazing glass roof and beautiful stone work and architecture.

Whatever you're interested in, you'll find it at the British Museum. History spanning the ages and the globe and something for all ages (although other museums seem to cater for children better). 

A slightly easier to follow route through the museum might have been good, although it was nice to just wander around. You could probably live in the museum for a month and still not see it all. 

The main reason I've given the museum four stars and not five is because I feel like the artefacts weren't really brought to life like I've seen in other museums. There wasn't much context to a lot of it. Maybe we should have paid for an audio guide or a book or something, I don't know if that would have helped. I just didn't get a real feeling of the people of those times. 

It's definitely somewhere you must visit and I'll go again for sure. It really is remarkable that there's so much history in one place and we're really lucky that it's on our doorstep in London, and that's it's free. Amazing.
If you're living or touring in London, it's just what you do. You have to at least visit the British Museum while you're here. Amazing space. Bring supplies, water, walking shoes, and money for self-guided tour headphones.

Like most monstrously massive museums it's good to research beforehand so you have an idea of what you want to see and what you probably want to skip. 

I always forget to research the free guided tour times, so that's why I suggest getting headphones while you walk about. They also have maps that you can purchase but there are basic floor plans posted on pillars throughout the place.
This is a great place to visit.  If you are short on time, study on the exhibits to best use your time.
All of world's treasure in one place and open to public for free? Yes please!

Rosetta stone, countless mummies, coins from ancient Asia to medieval Europe, beautiful porcelains, clocks, arts, armors, name anything and they'll have it. 

However, while being a fan and just visited for the 5th time today, this is probably my least favourite of all major museums in London. It isn't the museum's fault really, the trouble is that it's so famous, so well known that people all over the world want to come and see for themselves. The crowd on any holidays are almost unbearable. The floor becomes dirty, the lavatories always have a long queue and it does not smell pleasant. 

The cafe is a bit underwhelming. They have very delicious scones but no clotted cream to go with them! As a die hard fan of the rich and deadly clotted cream I was outraged, though the butter and jam compensated a bit. The dining area at the cafe was a bit chaotic, so we tried to go for the much nicer, quieter restaurant. However, they didn't serve afternoon tea until 3pm. 

If you don't mind the crowd and willing to venture to rooms in distant corners, it is a wonderful museum. Try to avoid holidays or weekends, and plan your visit ahead to make sure you have enough time to see things that interest you the most. Visitors, you should come see it at least once. Locals, consider checking out some special exhibits (there are always some) when you company your visiting friends there for the 100th time.
Brilliant place to walk around and explore a bit of history first hand.

Look out for the exhibitions as some of them are amazing to see and something that you may never see again.
A must-see in London...and it's free. Gotta love free stuff!
Who doesn't enjoy a trip to the British Museum? It's been a few year since I last went, but I was in the Bloomsbury area so thought it would be a good way to spend the afternoon.
The central hall really should get a mention. The reading room sits in the centre of the 2 acre courtyard, covered by a stunning glass roof. I'd be tempted to go just for this alone; but then there's the amazing exhibitions which really are the purpose of such a trip.
You'll find your favourite collection but I can't help but be drawn to Egypt and Greece. It's great fun looking closely to see the drawings on the vases. Some of them can be quite eye-opening!
4 stars because its free admission and the museum is HUGE. 3 stars for the crowd, it was packed! 

We showed up during peak time, which was around 1:30PM in August. There was a huge line outside the museum gate (to monitor the crowd), but since there wasn't any real security process, the line, err queue as how the Europeans say it, went incredibly fast. Some exhibitions were more packed than others. We only wanted to see the Rosetta Stone, so we wandered aimlessly to random rooms where there wasn't too much of a crowd, nothing worth remembering in my opinion (I am not a museum person).

There were so many people, I don't know how they manage the upkeep of the museum. I saw children and careless adults touching the displays without any security around. The Rosetta Stone had a ton of people around it, but the stone was so huge, you can view it from almost any angle. 

In general, this museum seems like a museum for all cultures and history, not just for British history. Warning, try to avoid eating around this area (aka tourist traps). They're expensive and not that great. Pack your own foods,eat elsewhere worth trying, because even the museum had cheaper foods inside. We ate at a fish and chips nearby and it costed nearly 15 euros per person for a mediocre meal. A sandwich at the museum was less than half that price.
A must on any visit.  You won't be able to see everything.  Same some for you next visit.  Wide variety of exhibits to choose from.
Free!

You can easily spend a whole day here, but watch out, your legs are going to be tired after. 

If you are looking for a lot of English or British history, this museum might not be the best place. If you're interested in the history and culture of the world, this is a great place.
This is an excellent place to spend a cold and raining day. You could spend an entire day at the British Museum and never crack the surface of all that it has to offer.  Lunch at the Court restaurant was great, but expensive. Will I do this again on my day off?, of course.
A British Insitution. Always a great way to spend a day or afternoon and always something different or new to see.
There are so many awesome free museums in London!  

We spent four or so hours here on the last day of our trip.  I probably could have spent the entire time in the Enlightenment Gallery, a huge library with cases full of old books and artifacts from around the world.  The Living and Dying Gallery was also very interesting, especially the display which showed how many pharmaceuticals the average Briton takes over the course of their life.  

It certainly was crowded, though the only place that it was unbearably so was in the room with the mummies, partially because the aisles there are very narrow.  The case with the Rosetta Stone had lots of people milling about, but within a couple of minutes we were able to get up close.

We managed to make it through most of the galleries in our few hours, but definitely could have spent more time here.
Really good museum that is too crowded to enjoy. :( You easily spend the better part of a day in here.  I knew I did not have that kind of time, only having a few days in London, so I headed for the Egyptian mummies. Oh my at the crowd. I am not one that has to stand and read every single placard on every exhibit. But it was so crowded, with the requisite number of guests who have to push in front of you, bump into you, clog walking areas, etc. that you wind up more frustrated than intrigued by your visit. It's worth seeing, but don't be afraid to push through the throngs to get to see what you came to see.
Who doesn't love a grand museum with artifacts from around the world? Who also doesn't love a free museum? If you're going to go to any museum in the UK, this is place to go.

If you want to read every single word on every exhibit here, it would definitely take a whole day to peruse everything. If you just want to see highlights, which they point out on the map, then it'll take you about an hour or so. At first glance inside the building, you'll probably comment how massive it is inside. Albeit, the floor plan is not too hard to navigate and map out in your head once you've roamed around for a bit.

I think the coolest thing in here is the Rosetta Stone. Hopefully you can get a good picture of it without 50 other tourists in the photo. There are a lot of other interesting exhibits though so just grab a map and figure out your battle plan.

There are a lot of pubs/restaurants just outside of the museum so if you're hungry/thirsty then you're in luck.

This is a must-visit attraction in London, UK.
Great museum though I was HORRIFIED that there weren't any attendants in the area with Egyptian antiquities.  Some dumb kid ran and JUMPED onto one of the statues while his lazy mom barely flinched, only because she saw my look of disbelief.  A little too crowded at times, to be expected but I hate it when you can't move.  Had some neat stuff, good for a onetime experience.
A great artefacts museum in central London. It's huge with sections from all around the world, and the best part is, entry is free. They have some great paid exhibits too like the Titans one that's on at the moment. The building is beautiful and the courtyard is lovely on a warm day.
I'd give the British Museum 4 stars alone for the amazing architecture and use of natural light in the main atrium. Even on a grey day it's really bright and airy here. The exhibits are also excellent, obviously. Only criticism is that it's often super-busy, but that's to expected given that it's so awesome and free.  The little cafe on the upstairs section of the atrium is worth a visit when your legs inevitably get tired.
So I'm the 500th review for this place and I'm one of a very few that isn't going to give it 5 stars.  That isn't because there aren't parts of this museum that are absolutely magnificent.  As a lover of clocks and watches I particularly enjoyed that section, along with the gallery that traced the history of money.

What I had a hard time with, both as a lover of art and of ancient history, was seeing that most of the Parthenon's panels were here in an odd and disembodied form.  Stolen from Athens ages ago, those of us who've been to the Parthenon have had to mentally imagine the panels that are here in London over there.  These pieces, along with most of what was looted from Egypt, should be returned to their countries of origin, where they were taken from without lawful agreement.

It will be when such a consummation, devoutly to be wished, occurs that the British Museum will not only be a good museum, but a great one, that leads by principles, not sentiment.

Easily one of the simplest museums in the world to navigate, free, with a well lit centre court that brings order and balance to it all.
Free! Huge and amazing. Filled with wonders. You may become hypnotized by the amazing items in the Egyptian room and collide with a woman who is QUITE upset by being accidentally jostled. (Maybe that only happens to me?) You can see the Rosetta Stone, sketches by Leonardo DaVinci, mummies, sphinxes, Easter Island statues, and LOTS more. I barely scratched the surface here by spending about half a day. I'd definitely come back to explore it more!
This museum is pretty awesome, there's everything from art to mummies to random old artifacts. However, the only item I wanted to see in the entire museum (the Lycurgus Cup) wasn't on display. What a shame!

They have wheelchairs available for free, and while getting around is tricky in one, it's possible.
cannot believe admission is free! 

such a great museum. The Egyptian area was particularly impressive! even if you dont have much time, just go around for an hour is still totally worth it.
Don't do what my family did and only spend an hour and a half here, spend at least three hours! The artifacts here are amazing, and you can learn so much about the world.

We got an audio tour, but it really was useless, as there weren't many things that had an audio sign next to it. The Egyptian exhibit was my favorite- they have real life mummies and sarcophaguses! You also can't forget the Rosetta Stone- that's something that I will never forget, ever. 

It really was amazing, even coming from a teenagers point of view. Sometimes, though, it was a little boring when you were reading about things you've spent the last five years studying about. But seriously, ah-may-zing.

When we got our audio tour, the man who rang us up was very kind and polite, but the man who gave us our audio tour was very sarcastic, edgy, an disrespectful. That was the only thing that was pretty bad, but service is always one of my stars.

The gift shop was probably one of my favorite parts of the museum. They have everything there, from computer cases to Chapstick to books to calendars- you get the point. My sister and I both got something- her a Rosetta Stone stress reliever and me some cute cartoon chap sticks! In the end, we walked out really happy. 

September 2013
Fascinating! There is something for everyone here. The wife and I visited on a busy day, but there were so many fascinating things (like the Rosetta stone, the Egyptian mummies, and the nice display of George III's library) that no one exhibit seemed overcrowded. The entire collection was well curated and explained. Best of all, we managed to see everything in a few hours. What a great way to spend a morning!
I don't have much to add that others haven't already written here. It's a magnifficent building filled with some of the greatest treasures in the world. While impressed I do get some mixed feelings from the place--just about nowhere else can you find such a collection, yet I'm sure many of the countries whence items in the collection came wouldn't mind getting their stuff back.
BIG Mistake to try to get it all in one day. 

The must sees take you through the entire museum, so that is a good way to do it. You get to see a lot of cultures, and it is WORTH IT. 

The MidEast section and the Propaganda of the Far East section (temporary) were both complete and engaging.
You really can't get any better of a price than free - I bumped it up an extra star just for that. It's massive, and crowded on weekends, but if you just have a couple of hours, I highly recommend downloading the Rick Steves Europe Audioguide app (for free!) to your mobile device and listening to his audio tour of the place. It only covers part of the museum, but I would have felt so lost without it, and he has a great style that points out the most interesting stuff and tells you where to go. I'm more into art museums than general history museums like this, but as far as historical museums go, this is a good one.
I love that this place is free. I'm not a huge museum person, but I spent several hours wandering the halls of the impressive building. There were staff members wandering around answering questions as well.

If you're in London for a while, stop in, even for an hour if you can. It's well worth it.
On the 4th of July I'm planning to go to a concert, organised in the museum. I'm quite excited about it. You can check the website for more information.
British museum is the best place to learn more about World History. The current exhibition Life and Death: Pompei and Herculaneum is more than great, you can even download iPad application for it. The price for the exhibition is just £15 and also members free.
The best free museum in the world! You can easily spend over a day here.

The British Museum truly has an amazing collection that words cannot describe. 

Specifically looking at their Chinese collection, they have fine artifacts that when I was at the Shanghai Museum they did not even have.  

Even comparing their Egyptian mummy collection to the Lourve, the Bristish Museum has many more impressive pieces on display. 

I only wish I had more time to fully explore every single exhibit.
After the National Gallery, the British Museum was kind of a let down.  Although this may have been because it was the end of the day and we'd been at museums since 9am.  That being said, do not follow the best of guide in the map.  Many of the "best" things to see are tiny, difficult to find, and to be honest - not that impressive.  If you're on a time crunch figure out on the map what areas you want to see & just do that.  The Parthenon & Egyptian mummies were our favorites.
I've been to the British Museum several times and each time I visit I find something new to gawk at! It's free, there's food and it's warm!  What more could you want?
I was expecting the new exhibition The ice age art, because I am really interested in history. I will go tomorrow with some friends of mine and we will enjoy our time, for sure.
There you can see different things and simply be impressed. It is really interesting and you won't regret if you spend your time in the museum. I am looking forward to see the special exhibition called The Ice age art: arrival of the modern art. It opens on the 7th of February, so I am pretty excited.
Beautiful  a place where you can learn a lot.
A great museum with some artefacts and pieces that are not to be missed.  Quite child friendly - I've seen the staff interact with some small school children - they were very patient and really got the children excited about art.
My mother is a history teacher.When I was little we used to come here really often. I love this place.
2012 Review #248: There is a fascinating thing in the UK with museums, in that they are all free, but the churches are insanely expensive. In the rest of Europe, (At least that I have been to) all the churches are free, but the museums are expensive. Honestly I think that makes more sense, but having museums be free means that there is absolutely no guilt in being there for 5 minutes, then leaving. When you haven't paid anything to go snub thousands of the world's greatest treasures with 30 minutes of your precious time, it somehow feels better.

We literally ran in here for probably 15 minutes on our trip. On their website they have some great pages called "if you have x hours in the museum" ranging from 1 hour to 3-5 hours. It's really helpful and points out where things are located and what you should look for. We caught the Rosetta Stone, the Egyptian relics, the art from the Parthenon, and the Moai. They are about as cool as you'd think. Fascinating and interesting and pretty much out in the open air. There weren't many doscents around, so if you want to chance touching the statue of Ramses II, go for it. 

I'm pretty sure the reason so many of these museums are free is because, well, most of this stuff was unapologetically pillaged from other countries. I'd probably want the museum to be free too if I thought some other country could be profitting off of random stuff they stole 2000 years ago. There are donation boxes at most entrances and exits, but they don't push it. So, if you're in London, even if you're only in the city for 3 days like we were, drop in, run around, see the stuff you can brag about, and leave without guilt.
I am a huge fan of the BM but I have been a little wary of recent 'blockbuster' exhibitions that have been disappointing. So I went to the 'Shakespeare; Staging the World' exhibition not expecting too much of it but was happily impressed. I think it helped that things were reasonably quiet  the Games effect  so I got to spend time looking at things without being crowded out. I loved the use of multi-media to present extracts from the plays alongside items that gave a real sense of time and place for Shakespeare's world. Look out for the Jonjo O'Neill Richard III piece  it's really subtle and quite excellent for it.
And then we had chocolate cake in the foyer restaurant, which of course puts a lovely shine on any visit! 
The exhibition's on until November and if you go, you get to wander the rest of the museum for free. (Okay, you always get to go to the BM free. but still) (http://www.britishmuseum.org/whats_on/exhibitions/shakespeare_staging_the_world.aspx )
If there is one thing I lack, it's appreciation for Britain. And appreciation for museums. And appreciation for the British Museum. I literally never go to museums. This one has a particularly stunning building. The entrance is so overwhelming peering out into the large hall. So many interesting artifacts going on in there. I don't think I got through half.
This is a great museum. It gets really busy with field trips from random schools throughout the day so I recommend coming here early when it opens at 10am so you can get it out of your way.

It's also FREE to go in so you don't have to worry about paying or waiting in line or anything. There are so many artifacts here from all over the world that it will take several hours to go through all the rooms. This museum reminds me of The Louvre in Paris, but without the paintings, just mostly artifacts.

But if you don't have several hours to spare, they have a map where it tells you the "Don't miss" portions of the museum so if you just stick with the highlights or the "don't miss" then you're pretty much good to go. Doing the "Don't miss" tour will probably take you an hour to get through.

But on my visit here, they actually had some drawings from Picasso out on temporary display.

But the highlights and some of my favorites included The Lewis Chessmen, the most famous chess set in the world and The Rosetta Stone with the hieroglyphics.

There are a lot of neat stuff out here including Greek statues, Japanese armor, and a lot more so don't miss out when you're on your vacation here in London. This museum should be a mandatory stop.
It's Free !! Great plundered treasures from around the world.One of the best museums. You could easily spend hours moving from room to room, display to display.  The venue itself is also very well built and very beautiful.
A free day out in London! The British Museum is always free to visit! Open from 10am Monday to Saturday till around 5.30pm and open till about 8.30pm on Fridays. There is just so much to see inside your feet will ache so make sure you wear comfortable walking shoes. 
.
The staff are friendly and will point you in the right direction if you ask about specific exhibits. It's worth checking out the website before visiting if you want to check out specific areas of the Museum and concentrate on those, so I suggest checking out the website first to map out your route rather than just strolling around. Also worth checking the website to see if it's closed at specific Bank Holidays. Generally closed on 1st Jan, 24-26th Dec and Good Friday. 
.
Take your camera along as they're fairly relaxed about taking photos inside but if you want you can also buy postcards in the shop there as souvenirs. Large food court for when all that walking makes you hungry.
I came here today, being sick, so i was a bit woozyy. This museum is huge!!! You can walk forever..and ever...I had two things i wanted to see that everyone kept talking about---the rosetta stone and the olympic medals for 2012. I stumbled upon the medals...I think it was the 3rd floor? Then I searched for the rosetta stone...walked pretty much the WHOLE 3rd floor thinking it was in the egypt section..than i ran into a crowd..upon closer look i saw...that we were all staring at a dead body...OMG it's the mummies!!! Definitely not for the fainted hearts...i was a bit shocked, as it was unexpected, no one told me i would see mummies...so that was quite cool. FInally went back to the ground floor and looked to see which section the rosetta stone was, and it was on the first floor, so i walked in, PASSED IT...turned back around to see where the crowd was (always a crowd at the interesting places) found it, snapped photos....then went on my way across the rest of the 1st floor. Seeing other statues from egypt was nice...they are so big! The basement has things from africa so that was neat. I don't think i made it to the 1/st2nd floor... I feel like i missed some sections when I was walking around...so many doorways...

Having taken latin in Highschool, it was cool to see greece& romans. The lobby of the museum is so dark!!! And from the museum restaurant you can look down to the ground floor, if you are afraid of heights like me, it's pretty scary. Totally missed the asia section :( I spent about 2 hours here, i think if you spend 3-4 hours and you can see all.
Great place to come to spend a few hours and hide from the rain. Thank goodness it's free otherwise I'm not sure I would pay too much for this particular museum.
This museum was definitely worth a visit. 
Highlights for me:
- Elgin Marbles from the Parthenon (read up on the history)
- Rosetta Stone: absolutely fascinating (and amazing pensmanship...whoever carved it out!)
- Egyptian exhibits

Everything else was good but not great...but the museum has a nice flow unlike the terrible Lourve) and admission is free...fabulous!
Being I'm from the Washington DC area, I was stoked to find out that the museum was free just like at home!

We didn't get to spend too much time here (the Greek and Egyptian exhibits are all we had time for), but being that it is one of the best museums in the world, it's free, and photography is allowed, it's a must-visit  when in London.  

I was bummed the restaurant was already closed when we went upstairs.  I've heard good things!
I have difficulty standing for long periods so museums are not my favorite. Lots of things to see here. Worth a visit, especially since it's free. Too many kids on the day I was here. Very noisy.
The british museum is one of the largest museums in England, if not thr biggest. Its exhibits range from the Greeks, Romans and Egyptians to Damien Hirst exhibits! It also has a glass roof which was designed by computer designs. Excellent museum with nice (but expensive) cafes inside but some equally nice cafes which are cheaper around the museum in little streets. very nice museum...
I can't believe that having grown up and lived in London most of my life, this was my first proper visit to the British Museum (I don't count visiting the cafe as a proper visit...).  What can I say? I loved it so much I visited again the next week.  And after that, I can only say that I've seen about 1/10th of the museum... There's definitely something for everyone - for me it was the Japanese artifacts, which were really fascinating.  Although, I was rather disappointed that I couldn't find my favourite painting (The Great Wave by Hokusai... can someone tell me if I was being blind because I walked around the Japanese rooms twice yesterday and couldn't find it!!!)

And that would be my only gripe about the museum - it's really quite difficult to navigate because it's so big.  So my only suggestion would be don't have a specific item that you want to see, because it will only frustrate and infuriate you to have to look for it.  For me, a better approach would have been to meander around for the whole day rather than to pop in for an hour or two looking for something quite specific.  Definitely worth a visit (or two... or three...!)
This museum is huge (a good whole day or better, 2). There are multiple levels with different exhibits. There usually are a butch of school groups so I tend to enjoy it more with some headphones on. It could get quite hard to see everything so split up if you are going with a group and take your time to see everything.
Like the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, most of the artifacts were looted before modern governments put a stop to it, yet Western museums refuse to return items claiming, "stewardship, scholarship and conservation."  British Museum, it is time for you to return the Elgin Marbles to their rightful place.

Now that I got that out of my system...

In the winter, the drafty halls and low lighting can be obnoxious, but you'll be rewarded with a terrific assortment of priceless objects.  I was surprised at the depth of the collection, especially the Ancient Near East galleries.  The Rosetta Stone was awe inspiring and housed in a simple vitrine.  If you have some spare time, visit the galleries of prints and drawings--one of the finest in London--and see "Epifania," the largest drawing by Michelangelo.
Egypt and Syria called - they want their ancient stuff back.

It's free to visit the British Museums general collection.  An Afghani royal jewelry collection is currently on exhibit but that charges an admission fee.

If seeing mummified corpses, roman era weapons and ancient currencies bring a smile to your face, this is the place for you.

If somehow the property was entirely vacated, this place can host some serious raves.
Always a wonderful treat to go to the British Museum, and I have been fortunate enough to be visiting from a young age, with school and also with my Father. Some of the exhibitions are a little.. how can I say this politely.. perhaps not quite value for money, but most are very good. We went to see the Shah Abbas exhibition which was very accurate, especially with the information on the time of the 1979 Revolution (we were there so recognised a lot of the video footage). We're now going to see the Egyptian exhibition on the Book of the Dead. We booked afternoon tea upstairs which was, well, very British :-) Highly recommend the Museum and Restaurant.
What an amazing gift this museum is to the world.  Even on the gloomiest day the grand room's natural light uplift my mood. 

I can imagine amazing parties here in this space.  

Now the only other thing I wish they would improve on is the presentation of the exhibits they have.  It's a very black and white explanation of a lot of important pieces.  If you pass an key item you wouldn't know it because they don't really highlight it's value.
This review is specifically for the special exhibit on the Book of the Dead. The rest of the museum is 5 star quality. Totally. But the exhibit could have been less crowded. So many tickets were being sold per time slot but either too many tickets were sold per slot or there wasn't enough of a time lapse in between the slots. There were groups going in every ten minutes. There was just way too much congestion to enjoy it fully. 

I went at 4pm so maybe it would be less crowded around the museum's opening time? Overall, there were great works to look at, when given a chance to. I would definitely pay for another exhibit but I would try and time it better and hopefully be rewarded with a smaller crowd.
Really fantastic collection of their former colonies' art and artifacts. It's like the Brits said, "we'll take care of your treasures and you can come visit them whenever you like."

I love how the Rosetta Stone was "liberated" from its original owners.  One man's liberation is another's grand theft.  

Four stars because there is nothing "British" in the museum other than the people who work there.
Until the 5 of  September 2010  in rooms 90 and 91  at the British Museum  there is a free exhibition "The Printed image in China"  dedicated to the history of the Chinese prints. The Chinese print art originated around 700 AD and therefore has the longest printing history in the world. First prints were focused on the life of Buddha, on themes related to Confucianism and Taoism. However slowly they stared embracing other topics such as: art, science, social life and everyday life of ordinary people.  Especially works created during the Ming Dynasty(1368-1644) are very rich in colours and texture. The exhibition covers the period between 700 AD and now.  About 120 pieces of the art are on display.  Highly recommended to everyone who is interested in the Chinese culture or in the art.
As a history lover, I thoroughly enjoyed my trip to the British Muesum.  It has a variety of great and interesting collections.  I have always been interested in ancient Egyptian history, so I was thrilled to see such a great collection of art and artifacts from that period.  There's no fee to enter this museum and you can quite easily spend a whole day here.  Although, I love the Louvre in Paris more, the British Museum is definitely worth the trip.
"It belongs in a Museum" This is definitely Indiana Jones' home away from home and exactly where he meant.  Stocked full of ancient artifacts (and some new) this is room by room a history of the world and human race.  1 big love I have for this museum is that here (like many museums in London) it's free admission.  Somethings to do in London are so ridiculously over expensive (see London Eye) it's nice to be able to trot off to one of London's many museums and get a little culture without emptying your wallet even more (avoid the cafes and shops though!) 

I have to say probably my favorite part about this museum is it's architecture (hey I like to look at ancient stuff as much as the next guy but really there's only so much old pottery, mummies and samurai swords I can look at) wait I take back the samurai sword part, I can look at those for much longer ;).  It's very impressive once you come in through the front door into this massive hall with it's amazing glass roof.  I really love how they blended in the modern feel to this museum while retaining the original and gorgeous structure.

Definitely 1 of the museums that should be on the list of any London visitor (and resident).
So much has already been said about the British Museum on here, and the size of the place means that any visitor will no doubt have a different experience.


 I love it, from the amazing architecture of the main hall to the incredible exhibits, taking in architecture, history, and oh just about everything.


 I particularly loved the wood pannelled library bit with artefacts in glass cases.


 I need to go back, preferably when it isn't really busy, shame I don't work nearby anymore


 And of course, it's free! which is truly amazing
Great thing about it is it's free. Not as big as I expected it to be. Thought it would be large like the Louve in France. But within 2 1/2 hours my partner and I were able to run through the entire museum and see all the exhibits that interested us.
Very interesting. The highlights such as the Rosetta stone and Egyptian tombs. It contains a lot of facts to read which I really enjoy about a museum without having to pay for an audio guide.
This is one of those museums where you could probably spend good portions of your life visiting and still not get to enjoy everything there is to see.  I stopped by on my trip back in May and was immediately overwhelmed upon stepping inside the doors.  I had read that the Egyptian Mummy area was a must see so we stopped there first.  

The section was overrun with school kids but what I did get a chance to view was pretty amazing.  My only complaint was that it was so crowded that I didn't get a sense of any order of where to begin and left feeling that I knew almost the same amount about Ancient Eqypt as I did before I went.

While we were there, there was also an exhibit on clocks which I found very interesting.
Exhaustive and impressive inventory of artifacts and art, most of which I suspect were "acquired" during the good ol' days of imperialism.

If you're in London, it's probably a must-see. However, budget a lot of time for it - or prioritize which exhibits you want to see.
Stuffed full of treasures from all the countries nthat we've conqured.
this is the sort of place that i would want to visit over and over again. You can never get tired of all the different exhibits there, all have lots of educational info about them. It is a great place for a day, although you wont be able to see and read it all in that time. Definately recommended if you are considering a day out in london.
Rain, rain go away, 
Come again another day... 

NO! Wait! Don't go away Mr. Rain. Rainy days are perfect for exploring colossal museums such as the British Museum. And we all know there are plenty of rainy days in London. 

The British Museum is probably one the most famous museums in the world and I can only imagine the sheer wealth contained within its walls. The collection is impressive to say the least. I almost feel like it is blasphemy to give it only four stars. Why, you ask? Well, there is sooooo much to see and do at the British Museum that it can be overwhelming. When surrounded with the quantity and magnitude of all these relics, they somehow can lose their individual importance and cannot be fully appreciated. You must judge for yourself, however!
A Foggy Day (sung by Billie Holiday)

"...I viewed the morning, with much alarm
The British Museum, had lost its charm..."

Ever since hearing Billie utter these lyrics, I always wondered what's this British Museum, and what's it like?  Would I feel very '50's-ish while perusing its halls?

During summer of '08, I was lucky to make it to the British Musuem--TWICE.  It lived up to my expectations.  It's so overwhelming as you approach its huge pillared entrance and then make your way to its cavernous central space, known as the Great Court.  I could just hang out in the space for hours.  It's a huge open area with a glass roof and some huge pieces which really compliment the environment.  I like the way modern and antique are blended together here.

Another plus---admission is free (but I dropped a pound or two into the donation box).

All in all, I don't think any of the British Museum's charm as been lost.
I am hesistant to give the British Museum 5 stars because of the controversy over the Elgin/Parthenon marbles since they were basically taken from another country illegally. 

Maybe thats how they can afford to allow free entry??

The Rosetta stone is pretty cool if you even have a chance to get space to look at it. Overall, the museum is a definite visit if you are in London.
Dearest sweetest God, it is a fantastic museum filled with EVERYTHING.  The sections on Roman Britain and ancient Egypt are amazing, and as a historian of British colonialism I am somewhat conflicted.  I am deeply uncomfortable with the outright appropriation of other countries' cultural artifacts, and deeply gratified to be able to see them in one space.  You could spend years here and never see everything.  GO.
I reacted a bit schizophrenically to the collection.
I LOVE the ROSETTA STONE.I love the ELGIN marbles.
But this is also a testament to rich first world archeologists that ran off with another country's trreasures. But at that time,would that original country have had enough in its coffers to protect their treasures from looting and sale to  the underground art sale world? One suspects the evolution of museums, but then again, we can see these treasures in one locale  without travelling around the world. The contradictionsof life continue. Or is it better stated as a quandry of choices.
Go!  I can't recommend this enough.  I don't think I've seen everything because I don't remember the Elgin Marbles or Rosetta Stone.  I was so impressed with the collection as an art history student.  This is a must see.
My fave part of this museum was seeing the Rosetta Stone and the Egyptian relics. I mean the Rosetta Stone was not encased (at least, back in 1997) and  you could see the inscriptions on the stone. There was just a metal gate around it and I bet if you wanted to touch it, you could. The Egyptian treasures included seeing the body of a mummified corpse, sans wrapping cloths. I think that was the most popular item on display and even though there were signs saying not to take pictures, people still did.
I was so bored by this museum as a child, finding the exhibits dry and dull. Revisiting when older, having studied the Parthenon frieze, I realised how brilliant the museum actually is. It may be somewhat controversial but the items in the collection are really well displayed and explained and the mummy room is totally macabre. The newly refurbished atrium is light and airy and really beautiful, a great location for the shop and cafe. Recent excellent exhibitions include American prints and a blockbuster Babylon show.
Let's cut to the chase, here: The Parthenon Sculptures? I recently revisited the British Museum and was once again endlessly amused by the cultural arrogance of this appellation, made especially amusing by the awkward interpretive materials which basically expose the true sense of guilt felt by British Museum staff at maintaining this plundered collection. Have I revealed my politics? I really couldn't care any less where these pieces I go. I actually find them quite boring. But the British Museum is pretty phenomenal, and, no matter how skint, I always dig deep when I pass by the donation bins. Every visit seems to show something new: some new angle; some new approach; some fragment of history I'd managed to overlook or arrogantly disregard. It's impact is understated in an elegantly British way; it's collection is one of the world's greatest but you will never hear the British Museum boast about it.
The nice thing about museums being free is that you feel able to go in and spend a short time focused on a few areas. The sheer number of exhibits and artefacts means it can all feel overwhelming otherwise. So this week, we spend an hour or so in there and I looked at rooms relating to the ancient near east, assyria, babylon, sumerians, etc. Hadn't got tickets for the paid-for Babylon exhibition which I might return and see, but there's still plenty of fascinating stuff from present day Iraq, Iran, Turkey etc. Also looked at 2 new rooms on clocks and watches, and was fascinated by the 'pocket watches' which were around in the 16th century.
The Court Restaurant at the British Museum is a nice and slightly unusual place to visit. It is situated in the centre of the Great Court, on the top floor, over looking the historic round reading room - you need to book in advance if you want to get a table overlooking the reading room. The location of the restaurant is lovely and light and airy. The last time I visited I went in the afternoon and had the afternoon tea. This is reasonably well priced at £18, and the selection of cakes is unusual. You can also visit the restaurant for dinner, however it is, I think, only open for dinner on Thursday and Friday evenings, so it is worth checking it is open on the evening you want to visit.
It's so big that I don't even know where to start! The restored library part is kinda nice and you can hang out there for a drink next to its gift shop. Entry is free for the permanent exhibitiona but donation can be made. The mummy is cool inside, but I prefer those in the Egypt Museum in Cairo as they have air condition in the room. 
The glass roof structure is magnificient and is a must see for anyone who have never been to the museum.
This is a magnificent museum in a briliantly grand building. It is a great place to bring your kids as it if full of mummies and old Roman relics which are facinating when you are young, especially as the building would look so massive when you are so young. The only reservations I hold are that the museum is not very well sign posted and so i was walking around endlessly trying to find specific exhibitions.
There is something very engaging with this impressive museum. Already the massive Greek style building will make you feel your self very small and realize how little you actually know about history, I am talking of my self now..

There is so much to see and I can spend a whole day browsing of the large collections and get fascinated by different cultures and still not reach full immersion,  but because of the free entry you can go there as often as you like! The Egyptian department with coffins and mummies  is the place where I always seem to go first. It is so cool!

My ultimately favorite part is still the library. It is a prefect old fashioned place where you can smell the old books with big wooden shelf's, quiet, a good place to hiding.
The British Museum is one of the world's greatest museums. So to review it seems somewhat absurd, or at least redundant. Nevertheless I might as well give it a shot. 

The museum holds a number of collections from a wide range of civilizations and time periods; Egyptian Mummies, Japanese Samurai swords, Ancient Greek national treasures etc. The Museum is arranged around a central courtyard which is in itself incredible. Fairly recently the Museum has also begun a range of 'prestige-style' exhibitions; starting last year with the Terracotta Soldier exhibition. 

A beautiful building with an incredible and diverse wealth of artifacts. The seasonal exhibitions are usually brilliant, as is the permanent collection. 

The only caveat about the place, and it is rather significant, is that a large number of the pieces, most controversially the Elgin Marbles, were essentially stolen by the British during one colonial adventure or another.
Lovely, central museum where many things can be viewed for free. There are many different sections, including Egyptian, Aztec, etc. Many famous artefacts can be viewed here for free, and for that reason it can be very crowded (especially the Egyptian part where the Rosetta Stone is). There are often other things shown here too, temporary exhibitions, eg, contemporary sculpture. Definitely worth a look
Talk about educational institutes and this one is a winner. Personally I don't approve of locking up historic pieces from other lands and then showcasing them as if they were trophies. But then thats what makes this place such an attraction and brings in the crowd. Its mean to be iconic.

Let not my judgement get to you however. Because there are some truly marvellous peices well preserved and restored by a pseudo sensitive team of professionals. There is an in house research laboratory and the museum also runs educational academic courses.

The numerous exhibitions around the year are indeed unique. Its a good place for kids and family to spend time together. Warning: weekends are nighmarish. Good news: most of the exhibits are free! They have a reading library and a cafe along with a curio shop selling silly things like keychains, books, bookmarks, pictures..........and a load of other more stuff.
The British Museum is a marvellous place to visit. The building itself is magnificent and there is a real sense of occasion for the visitor as he/she walks towards and through the main entrance and into the stunning Great Court, which contains the main facilities  café, toilets, shops, information stands etc. The collections are diverse and there is far too much to take in in one visit  far better to have a look at one of the free maps and to take time to have a proper look around areas of particular interest. The permanent galleries are free to visit, but a charge is made for special exhibitions. Try to visit at an off-peak time if at all possible, as it's not as easy to become absorbed in the exhibits during the busier periods, when some areas of the museum become particularly congested. My own favourite area is Room 21, which contains statues and other objects from the Mausoleum of Halikarnassos  one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
The British museum is huge so there is no way you can see it all in one day.
The main entrance is in Great Russel Street there are steps up to the doors with lifts on the sides of the stairs or there is another entrance in Montague Place that is flat.
The museum is free to visit which is nice as you can pop in for just an hour if you are in the area. 
The museum does get very busy as you would expect but with 
a little effort and searching you can escape the crowds.
I took a packed lunch with me but there were not very many places to eat it so I ended up outside so this would not be an option in Winter I took a peak at the cafe but was not impressed and it was very expensive so I was glad I took my lunch with me.
This museum is VAST! There is so much to see an do here - and there are sections from all over the world. I would say that the best strategy (unless you have a week to devote to this museum!) is to choose the areas that interest you the most of all and head out actively to those areas. There is an intriguing area devoted to Ancient Egypt. You must also check out the Great Court. This was completed in around 2000 and is an inspirational piece of modern architecture. In the centre of the Court is a library housing important manuscripts. A great, FREE day out - or more than one day if you've got the time!
A great central london museum to spend an hour, or a day!


 I spent an enjoyable afternoon looking at the temporary sculpture exhibition, celebrating modern works.
From a gigantic sleeping male head, (a self-portrait by the artist), to a gigantic gold Kate Moss (yes, really!), it was a pretty impressive display.


 Well worth a look, at the sculptures and permenant fixtures. From the egyptian rooms to the greek collection, a British museum with a worldwide collection sure to interest the whole family.
One of the best museums in Britain. Beautiful building which houses some of the most mangificant pieces from the around the world (including collections on the ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans). You can even see real mummies! Very large and spacious so you can get the most out of the collections.
This museum is located near Russel Square tube station, and inside there is a great glass ceiling made of triangles. Apparently, these triangles are all unique when they built it. There is also plenty of things to see, almost mazelike. I have been twice and it is free to enter. One time they had the Terracotta army exhibit but it was fully booked so I could not see it. Last time I went it was full of kids running about, beware of going in peak times!
For years, this place creeped me out because during my first visit I got lost in the Egyptian section and I never quite recovered from looking at a tomb and bursting into tears. However, recent visits have rectified these memories because now I absolutely love it. The big atrium in the middle which is just filled with light, the old fashion library with its shiny brass poles and wood panelling, the different sections where you feel as if you move from page to page in a history book.

The wonderful gift shop where I found a red beaded necklace for a very reasonable price. I've even ventured back into the Egyptian section, where I grudging faced my fears, although I didn't stay too long! The funny thing about the British Museum is that it's got so much historic value and a lot of it is foreign. Chinese, Italian, Greek cultures all sit under the imposing grand roof and if anything, it is symbolic in some ways, because that is what it means to be British in current terms as the UK is so mixed and diverse and now so many cultures can come and see their history in this great place.

Great for kids albeit not lost ones, great for families, great for anyone who is interested in history or just wants to wander around a wonderful old building in London. It's free and a great way to spend a rainy day. Word of advice, bring your own food or go to a local restaurant... as the prices for food in there are just way too expensive!
