If you're London, Buckingham Palace is a place you need to visit at least once. Great place to ppls watch and take in the sights. We weren't able to see the changing of the guards but was able to catch it at Windsor Castle. 

Palace is beautiful with gold statues, and gold emblem all along the iron gates. This is a total tourist spot but you're in London so might as well go and visit. You might get lucky and see the Queen!
Everyone asked me one place I have to go see in London if I go to, I would answer Buckingham Palace. To just say that you went there and check it off your bucket list gives you the feels. Then to take pictures there is an icing on the cake. It is definitely a very touristsy place and very packed. I really wanted to watch the guards but there were none when I arrived. I went before meeting my friends for lunch. 

Going ot Buckingham Palace is like visiting a statue where you just go there to claim you've been there, done that. No matter what, it is still a beautiful landmark and is surrounded by a fence of gates with people everywhere! 

Definitely a must see if you're coming to London to say that you've been there, done that.
I guess you can say this is the equivalent to the White House in Washington DC and must-see in London? The palace itself was huge and, as expected, tons of people were outside taking photographs of its gold plated gates and the compound. The palace

It was a very busy area, vehicle and pedestrian wise. It was also heavily guarded by London police and by the guards at the inside of the gate. While we were taking photographs, some cars rolled into the compound and were surrounded by police vehicles. Other than the momentary excitement  of possibly seeing someone rather 'important', we took our photographs of the palace and ourselves within 20-25 minutes and moved onto our next destination.
First a few helpful tips...

The changing of the guards is April to August seven days a week. Going forward, every other day at 11:30 sharp. By all means get here real early. Thought we did at 10:45 well that sure as heck didn't work. There were several thousand folks surrounding the Queen Victoria Monument out front.

When the standard is up the Queen is in. It was up yesterday. I tried snaking my way to the front gate a little off to the right & it working for a while. But, when the ceremony started people just push and shove thru. Dad's putting there kids on there shoulders so they can get a better view. After 15 or 20 minutes we backed off and headed to St. James Park.

This is where our luck changed a little.The departing guards started to match right past us heading down the Mall to their quarters. Finally, a pretty good photo op. This is obviously very touristy. 

Put it on your to do list when coming to London. Just maybe not in you too 5.
Part of our tour included the changing of the guards at the palace. I get that for whatever reason people seem to find this ceremony to be quite the big deal me on the other hand I don't get what the big fuss is about??
The whole ceremony takes 15-20 minutes or so, they come marching up go inside & in x amount of time they come back out? what exactly is the attraction to this? I honestly can't say. 
Buckingham palace itself is huge can't imagine what this place is like on the inside would've been nice to see, maybe next time.
the building itself is pretty impressive nice area outside is crowded with too many people this time I am guessing due to the changing ceremony but am sure it normally has a crowd. 
Beautiful building from the outside this is obviously something you should see while visiting London at least once.
Buckingham Palace is one of those things that seems like a really great idea until you get there. Now don't get me wrong, it is a massive building with great importance attached to it. However, from my standpoint it felt rather underwhelming.

Architecturally speaking this building is technically sound. It is large, imposing, and powerful. It screams "I exist now look at me" in the most proper way possible. Sadly the detail in the building was lacking and compared to so many other breathtakingly gorgeous buildings in London it just seemed to fall short.

During the cooler parts of the year the changing of the guard ceremony is only done every other day as opposed to their summer hours of daily ceremonies. Sadly, we were not able to bear witness to this iconic exchange. The guard, however, was seen from the gate. It was intriguing to read about the slight differences in their uniform and what symbolism it holds. It was nice to see in person. Sadly they do not allow you to get very close to the palace though so this had to be observed from afar and behind the gate. 

The best way for me to describe Buckingham Palace is with one simple phrase: eh.

It exists and it is nice to see as a tourist attraction. That being said, it is nothing special and there are a lot more interesting things to see in London.
Buckingham Palace, the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom.
I'll be honest, I didn't think too much of this landmark, but I also didn't spend too much time at it. My wife and I met up with her sister here and then we went off to do something else so we didn't hang around to see the changing of the guards or anything of the sort. I believe my sister-in-law saw the changing of the guard while she was waiting for us and she said it was pretty cool, but I can't personally say anything about it since I didn't see it.

I feel like I needed to at least snap a few shots while I was here, but that's about all I did. There were a lot of people around, hanging about the gates and the fountains. Maybe next time we'll try to see a changing of the guards to see what all the fuss is about.
It's a nice visit if you're going there for the first time esp to see the changing of the guards. But make sure to arrive an hour early to get good photo spots. They came from both ways so don't worry too much about the direction. Also make sure you decide if you want to see the guards coming in to the palace or them changing inside the gates. It's rather difficult to swarm through the crowd to see both scenes.
Oh, Buckingham Palace, oh! I think I probably don't need to say that loudly why many visitor will make their way to visit Buckingham Palace, even most of the time just not allowed to visit inside. I do saw that it is open to public in August  and September each year, well , Guess we got here just a bit early.  But the Palace from just outside still looked brilliant. It was nice walked around this symbol and home of the British Monarchy. Well, I didn't see the queen or any princes. But I did got to see the British royal guard. That was another thing could check on my list. 

I had a break near the Victoria Memorial, it was quite a view, I enjoyed the time here.  Usually, the Buckingham Palace Garden not opened to the public, but there are still two lover park close by, it is also really nice just to talk a walk around them, especially St. James Park.
The only attraction that I really wanted to see while in London was Buckingham Palace.  However, about a month prior, I found out that I couldn't go inside and tour it because it's only open to visitors from late July - early October.  

We ended up heading over that way just to see the outside of it, and we thought the changing of the guards was over, but to our surprise we saw the very tail end of it.  And yes, it was very crowded.  With our selfie stick we managed to get some decent background shots.  If you want to just do a quick walk and aren't too far away, come a few hours after the changing of the guards occur.  It's just not worth it really to look at a drab large estate with the beautiful gold adorned gate.
God save the Queen!  Iconic Buckingham palace was smaller than I imagined.  However there is always a crowd here and if you want that classic touristy experience, it is a must see just say you've seen it.  If you have more time, I highly recommend seeing the Windsor castle where the family actually lives!  It is definitely larger and more majestic than Buckingham palace.  Also, the gift shop is outrageously priced as well!
We also went Buckingham Palace and saw the guards. Watching the guards seemed comical to me. I kept picturing the episode of Mr. Bean. It was amusing to watch them as part of entertainment on a different.
I wasn't able to actually go into the Buckingham Palace of course, but I was standing outside of it with the hundreds of other visiting tourists and just observing the beautiful design of the outside of the Palace as well as the amount of care and detail that was even put on the gate surrounding the Palace. Flocked by gold statues of angels, lions and wreathes; you're just overwhelmed with trying to absorb everything at once. 

I did not catch the changing of the guards unfortunately on my visit. Apparently they have a set schedule during certain months that they consistently will do the changing of the guards in front of the Palace, but if you're visiting outside of the set scheduled months, they change the guards sporadically (no set time).

Absolutely a must see if you're in London.. hopefully if I ever visit again, I will have the opportunity to do so.
On my first trip to London (July 2013), a visit to Buckingham Palace was certainly on the list of places to visit. We made the journey on foot from our hotel in Westminster, the Sanctuary Hotel on Tothill Street. We were visiting just two weeks before the birth of royal baby Prince George. 

Making the walk up towards Buckingham Palace was a pleasure. The streets are impeccably clean and well attended. The walls protecting the Royal Garden behind the palace are beautifully adorned, or perhaps royally adorned. They are topped with the most elaborate razor-sharp wire I have every seen,... more than any government building back in the states for sure. 

As we got closer to the main gates of the palace we saw media tents already set up across the street. We guessed this was in preparation for the upcoming royal birth which was expected within days. The gate is painted in black with royal designs in gold. It looked more like gold leaf than it did gold paint. 

As we got closer, coming from the right side of the palace, you can see an array of high-priced vehicles parked in succession. Continuing our walk we could begin to see the facade and entrance of the palace along with a variety of guards. Two London police guards stationed at the gated entrance and a Royal guard pacing near the building itself. 

My first impression was that the building itself isn't as elaborate as I expected. It's sheer size and what the palace symbolizes made up for that easily. The home of the British Monarch surely is a sight to see. 

While I was unable to be there for a storied changing of the Royal Guards, scheduled for 11am every morning, the experience of seeing the royal palace before my eyes was neat. If you keep your eyes peeled to the sidewalk, you will come across bronze plates imbedded pointing you towards the direction of the Princess Diana Memorial Walk route. 

Buckingham Palace is a fabulous site, and certainly worth the visit at least once.
Awesome! A must-see stop on your visit to London. To see the State Rooms you must be here during the months of July to late September (when the Queen is away on Summer holiday)...check the Palace website for exact opening dates/times. At all other times of the year it's great to just visit and see the Palace from the outside! The Changing of the Guard is another event to witness...check the schedule for that online as well.
I suppose it would be unpatriotic to give Buckingham Palace anything less than 5 stars wouldn't it?

It is a magnificent building, and when you see something that breathtaking and sophisticated it almost makes you not care that your tax money is going towards its upkeep. In-fact, I'm happy that my tax money is being used in such ways as I think it gives our country some real history, character and substance.

We took a nice stroll up Pall Mall and there was a marching band playing as we did so, and you can get pretty up close and personal to the grand building which is great for photographs and of course selfies.

I have no doubt I'll be a frequent visitor to Buckingham Palace as my girlfriends infatuation with London & Lizzie seems to be gathering pace.
Very nice place. The outside is amazing with multiple tourist location and statues. It can be very crowded due to tourists from around the world. 

The scenery and atmosphere are amaaazzzinggggggg.
Realistically you simply cannot visit London for the first time and not paying a quick visit to the Palace. It was interesting to see with my own eyes what I've seen on television and in books so many times over my lifetime.

Was it the highlight to my trip? Not at all, we had already paid to see several London sites so the summer tour of the Palace while the Queen was away was not a top priority on my list. That being said, getting to see the outside of the palace, the beautiful statues with incredible detail, the towering golden topped gates, are all very cool and definitely a sight to see.

Definitely a great photo op but unless you're going to venture into the palace for a paid tour then you really won't need to spend much time in this tourist trap.

Fun fact: buses aren't allowed to pass in front of the palace!
Ah Buckingham Palace, home of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and the grandest house in all the land.

I'm going to share a special secret with you but don't start spreading it around town as it's a bit of a security nightmare! 

Early in the afternoon head over to the Queen Victoria Memorial and locate the lion. Near the tail a button will be revealed and turning it to the right whilst whispering the name of Queen Elizabeth II's favourite corgi (Susan) will reveal hidden stairs leading to a secret tunnel inside the palace tea room. Be sure to pull the hatch closed after you or it will end up being a lot more than tea for two! 

Here you will find Her Majesty waiting for you with tea, cakes and crustless sandwiches. Customarily in Britain it is bad form to turn up for tea empty handed so make sure you turn up with a gift, we would recommend a packet of digestive Hobnobs as Her Majesty is partial to dunking a few of them in her Earl Grey.

A few of Her Majesty's favourite conversational topics over tea would be X-Factor and Doctor Who so stay off any awkward topics and a magical moment can be had by all.

If that all fails, just take a few pics of the guards at the front of the palace with the other tourists and if you want to get in the normal way then you can always buy some passes to view the state rooms of the palace! Enjoy!
This is the classic London attraction. If I had only one day in the city, I would come see the changing of the guards. There is nothing more typical than their silly uniforms! It's a bit of a shame that you can't really get close to them, but I also understand and guess that Hollywood probably plays that up a bit.

When my family visits, I typically combine a visit here with lunch in St James Park, Trafalgar Square, and Big Ben. Back when I didn't live in London and visited as a tourist, I came here with New Europe tours. New Europe does free tours in most major European cities, London included. It's good to come here with that as they are pretty informative. 

The changing of the guards happens twice a day and is worth catching.
You can't come to London without coming to Buckingham Palace!

It is very tourists kind of thing... BUT we are tourists and we don't come to London all the time. So definitely have to visit at least once. 

I was very excited standing on the side walk waiting for them to arrive. When I heard the music, turn on my camera to get ready! It is very impressive. Not only the parade but also the amount of people surrounded Buckingham Palace. This happens "everyday"!! You will see double deck tour buses everywhere. 

Find out the route of the parade first. Our tour guide didn't bring us to Buckingham Palace right way, he took us a little bit distance away and waited at the side walk. Less crowd. We got a very good view. 

Then we followed the parade to Buckingham Palace.
This palace is one of the most visited places among the tourists in London. Many people though don't know that this is the official residence of her Majest the Queen so if you are standing outside of the metal fence trying to take a nice selfie, she might also be looking at you hiding behind a curtain. Not only is Queen's official home but also is the place where are her offices and hundreds of people work inside. If you want a tour inside you will have to wait till mid July, when the Buckingham Palace State Rooms' opening take places and ticketed tours are available.
So, the Queen's house eh...

I've had a bit of an overload of her gaff's recently - I love round the corner from her house in Edinburgh, and caught both Windsor Castle & Buck Palace on a recent trip down to London. I hate to say it, but Queenie's main house is my least favourite of the three.

There's far too many people out and about around it, just slowly wandering about, with seemingly no prompter to go/do anything specific. As a result, it's just a big crowd constantly getting in your way...

The "house" itself does look impressive - all very big and grand, but just way too ostentatious. I'm happy having the Royal Family, I think it's brings more to the country having them than not, but it's odd to justify the expense and extravagance of this as "one" of her homes at a time when a large part of the country's going through a recession.

I also find it baffling that this is the main home anyway - Windsor was infinitely nicer, and a much better bet for state occasions too! If I was a foreign dignitary, I'd be far more impressed by the grandeur and sheer imposing scale of Windsor Castle. I mean, it's an actual castle. With cannons!!

That being said, I did enjoy riding round Buck Palace in circles on my Boris Bike....
Palace looked nice from outside the gates.  Saw the changing of the guards.  Extravagant gold plated gates and the statue in front.  Good to see for a few minutes, but nothing else to do.
I feel like Buckingham Palace is one of those places you have to see when you're in London! My friends and I took some pictures outside the palace which looked beautiful, but the gate is pretty high and it's hard to really appreciate the building. Tons of tourists around and very busy area, but I think is worth checking out!
Because I was a tourist in London I had to go and see the changing of the guards.  Me and 10,000 of my closest friends all jam packed near the fence, elbowing each other to hold our phones up for a photo.  While it was cool to see, it seemed to last a long time and forgive me for saying it was getting boring, but it was.  

I spent most of the time trying to make sure no one was pickpocketing me while I was jammed in the big crown.  I showed up about an hour early to get a good view, but of course there was those people that showed up at the last minute and just shoved there was into the front bumping into everyone and being rude.  

So if you want to see some guys march around while you get hit in the head with a selfie stick, check this place out!
Follow the red brick road.  That's how you know you're in the vicinity of the palace as we were footing it around the city that day, or so we were told.

We had to take it in, along with many-a-fellow-traveler but more so the barrage of tourists hoping to see someone in the royal family taking a stroll outside of the gates.  Yeah right!  All kidding aside, it was the changing of the guards.  We did see a parade of guards on horseback riding down the streets but that's about it.  Once we got there, it was super crowded and we weren't about to elbow our way to the front, so we didn't get to see much.  But we did take pics and got to see the palace from a short distance. 

However, we did go back a few days later because Kate Middleton's wedding dress was on display, and we just so happened to be in town!  We purchased our tickets online for a tour of that section of the palace as well as the coach stables.  The lines were quite long but entry was very safe and organized.  We got to see the room where a lot of their photos are taken, admire the architecture and furnishings, as well as the area where all the balls/events take place.  Super cool.  Oh yeah, and her dress was on display, along with a model replica of the wedding cake.  Very nice.  The only downfall was no pictures were allowed.  I felt like we were in Rome lol.

The coach stables is where all the carriages and cars are kept.  It was awesome to see them in real life.  This part of the tour wasn't was as crowded as the palace tour which was great for me.  I hate herding around like cattle.  Photos are allowed here.

TIP:
Buy your tickets online.  I don't think the palace is open to the public throughout the year, so count yourself lucky if you do get in.
It lives up to its grandeur the statue of Queen Victoria in the center is just absolutely beautiful you can walk right up to the gate see the palace fairly closely it's free and it's gorgeous there's a park across the street and a stroll is just beautiful with all the trees and the walkways arewide so there's plenty of room for all the people walking back-and-forth it's very touristy but it something that I really am glad I've seen
'Changing of the Guard' ceremony is very impressive, hard to imagine humans being so precise in their movements.  All I could think of was Wizard of Oz monkeys, lol!  No disrespect, your Majesty!

The Palace interior is only open to the public while the Queen is in Scotland for the late summer months.  This is Monarchy Headquarters, UK version of the US White-house albeit on a grand scale.  The Queen apparently lives in an apartment located on the North side and the other Royal Family members occupy the East side.  

Most anywhere you go in London you will pass this building sooner or later.  Very congested traffic area especially if something is going on.  Many times people will line up outside the massive gate which attracts even more people thinking they will get a glimpse of the Royal Family.  How many times I saw crowds gathering out of nowhere and turned out - no action.

When the Queen is in Residence, the Flag (the Royal Standing) flies up outside.  She receives many visitors, holds receptions, entertains State banquets among many other formal occasions so it's quite a busy place.  The Ballroom is so big it's often used for concerts!  Interesting fact also that all Royal babies are Christened here.
Her Majesty's palace is beautiful! You have to check this out while you're in the city. It gets crowded but it's easy to get a quick pic of the front gates and guards. Didn't watch the changing of the guards but heard it was great. They have the times on the front gates when that happens
Ah yes ... The time-honored tradition of the changing of the guard. It happens at 11 a.m. weather permitting two to three times a week.

Lots of touristy peeps gather around and snap pictures as the guards march around inside and outside of the Buckingham Palace gates. It's actually pretty cool.

The area, itself, is absolutely beautiful. The landscaping in and around is very scenic. The palace is surrounded by parks, like St. James's Park, which are also well taken care of. 

I would recommend this section of London as you make your way from landmark to landmark. It's probably a 15-minute walk from or to Westminster Abbey and Big Ben.
This was my first visit to London and made it a point to see the changing of the Guard. Get there earlier then 11:15 am because it gets very crowded - otherwise it will be difficult to see much from a distance.

After the changing of the Guard I visited the Guard Museum. There was a charge unlike the larger museums but it was quite interesting. I had no idea the hats they were are made of bears fur!
Touring Buckingham Palace wasn't as exciting or interesting as I thought it would be. While the interior is beautifully and ornately decorated, it wasn't as opulent as some other places we visited. They had so much of the Queen's clothing on display, and while they're cool bits of history, they just weren't something I was particularly interested in. That part of the tour was so long that it kinda sapped me of my interest of the rest. Overall, the interior of Buckingham Palace was nice to see, but not a "must-see". I'd stick with just checking it out from the outside and spending the time (the tour was about two hours long) elsewhere.
This is a review just for the exterior and guard changing, since I wrote a separate review for the State Rooms. Look, this is the really big show. It's a tourist magnet that would only be visited more if the gates were made out of chocolate or gold. The actual palace is a beautiful, large, bank-looking structure opposite a large gate and a golden angel-topped Queen Victoria memorial. Centuries later the palace still serves as a place where the Queen can speak to foreign dignitaries and meet domestic ministers, when she is in residence.

My mother's dream was always to go to London so when we decided to watch the Changing of the Guards we were an hour and a half early and still managed to get a semi-blocked view directly at the gate facing the front of the palace. We would eventually see the guards march in from the street, assemble in formation, play American jazz standards in their marching band attire while we also saw several guards passing on horses directly behind us. We must have stood a grand total of 3 hours to see a marching presentation that lasted maybe 20 minutes. The effort was well worth it, if only so I never have to wonder what the big deal was. When I return to London, I will likely do this again but just stand in a different location to see the horsies better.
*This review is for the Changing of the Guards ceremony at Buckingham Palace*

I have seen the Changing of the Guards twice - both times extremely hectic! During my recent visit to London - I looked up the ceremony dates times at Buckingham Palace before my trip to London, as it is not offered daily, but every other day. Here is the schedule listed. 

Buckingham Palace: Guard Change Times
11:15 Guards with bands, start arriving
11:30 Official start time
12:00 Guard change ceremony ends

We arrived at 11am for the 11:30am event on a Sunday to find the area absolutely packed. The street was shut down, as expected, and people were sitting on top of everything. From prior experience, it already gets really packed one hour before the ceremony starts and if you don't get right next to the main gate in front of Buckingham Palace, you really can't see anything. The whole process is a lot of standing and waiting, when barely anything happens. However, once the marching band came and I see soldiers in puffy hats like in the movies, I get pretty excited, even if it's only for 15 seconds time during an hour wait. 

Changing of the Guards at Buckingham Palace is a tourist attraction and it is free. This is also the biggest crowd I saw in London. It is definitely something worth experiencing while in London, but moderate your expectations. Unless you are going to show up two hours early, you will likely not be in front of the main gate and will be looking over heads, ipads, and go pros. The tradition is interesting but also lacks real excitement. You really need to have patience and tolerance for large tourist crowds.
It's a must see place if you are in London. This a about this history, present and future of England. Beautiful building and a big beautiful fountain right in front of it.
Toured the palace while the queen was on summer holiday with a group of 16.  

We did the group entrance so the line was a bit shorter but we still had to go through security like everyone else and leave our backpack to be checked.  You then walk through to the main entrance where any visiting dignitary comes to meet the queen and walk past her ceremonial carriage. 

The main entry and initial stairs in the palace are beautiful.  The audio guide was very useful as it described a lot of information about the architecture and building process.  It was interesting to find that some of the most beautiful rooms and most famous were the result of a designer who was called before a council for being over budget and who was let go from the project.  

The palace has a very large and very nice art collection and has some neat roman statues on the lower level.

The pop-up gift shop was large and full of lots of neat royal related goodies.
A wonderful, grand and majestic view of the Buckingham Palace! 

You can not miss it when in London!  That is just blasphemy! 

It is glowing charmingly at night!
It is interesting to see and walk through. There is stunning architecture and ornate decoration. The audio guide is informative and well timed/paced.

The no photography rule is strictly enforced, so don't bring the good camera, but you can try to sneak an iPhone photo occasionally. 

It's not something I'd return to, however it is definitely worth seeing one time in your life.
Another must see if you're in London. We walked through St James park to Buckingham palace. 
While it's cool to see and get a photo, that's about it.
It's always busy here with a lot of tourists. 
Not my fav spot in London
If you can, try to catch the changing of guards ceremony! You can check out the times on this site (http://www.changing-the-guard.com/dates-times.html) and make sure you arrive 30 minutes earlier to secure a good spot!

Apparently, the guards are also legally obliged to give you a Werther's Original upon request!
How can you not give the Queen and her palace a 5 star rating? 5 stars to the royals!

I visit the UK every few years, I've been to Buckingham Palace plenty of times but always enjoy coming for a quick walk around.

The grounds are clean, it never seems to be as crowded as other touristy spots across the world, there's no waiting in lines for hours to get in, you can just walk right up.  It also doesn't cost a penny to visit, I was just in New York City and everything had a $30 entrance fee just for a view and a quick look, all of the attractions in regards to the royals have no cost to visit the outside of them.  Going to see the queens jewels and any museums obviously has a cost.

People love the royals including the locals, I don't even feel like it's a touristy thing, it's real, the queen lives there and the stories that have been in books for years are still occurring in 2015 and will continue to be a tradition for the many years to come.

Must see attraction when visiting London, only negative is that I didn't get to have high tea with the Queen or Kate :).
Visited March 2015: "State rooms are only open during the months of August & Sept"

Buckingham Palace is a working government building, and when the Queen is in residence you are not able to take a tour of the state rooms. We arrived at the changing of the guard ceremony. This area was full of people, crowded together, attempting to see and witness the experience. We were able to peek in through the fences, and take a few photos. When passing a gate, you are not able to stop - per the police on horseback - so we snapped photos as we briskly walked by. ***Do not get tickets to see the state rooms around the time of the changing of the guard ****
If you are traveling to London, you have to have to see the Buckingham Palace; just walking up the brick entrance way from when you leave Hyde Park gives you the feeling that you are going to see something spectacular.

So I like many others made my way up to look at the palace, and I wanted to see the changing of the guards, but sadly on the day I was there, they did not change.
The building is impressive, and holds a lot of history. 

I didn't do the tour of the palace just walked around it, glad I got to see it with my own eyes, sad the changing of the guards wasn't happening, but happy to have stepped where history had happen. 

If you are in London visiting, and even if you have no desire to see inside, which I heard is only during certain times, just walk around the building and enjoy the view.
Trip to London.... This is your top 5 locations regardless if you are a monarch or not. The building is impressive and the police and guards are very friendly and used to questions from tourists Go give old Betty a shout see if you can get some tea and cake
A must for anyone visiting London.

I did not time my visit for the changing of the guards but I definitely had my own unique experience here.

I have a travel companion (MiniDarth--the toy lego figure) who I take everywhere. I propped him up on the fence to take a photo. I thought I positioned him in a way that if he fell over, he'd fall toward me, and not backwards.

So wrong.

As you can guess, the wind knocked him backward into the palace courtyard. So I took my photos and started to walk away. But then I remembered how much he costs to replace (I lost my original one at a bar in Shanghai) so I took a breath and walked up to the Buckingham Palace policeman.

Yes, picture an almost 30-something asking the Buckingham Palace policeman to retrieve her toy because it fell into their courtyard.

I give 5 stars because he not only did it, after locking up the ginormous gate and going to search for it, but he did it without mocking me or appearing to be very annoyed by this silly American.
So big you can't get both the statue and the palace in one picture. Wished you could take a tour of it
Crowds and Crowds of people here looking to see The Queen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buckingham-palace-london?select=TzSmVLo019GI29cXyDPheA#PL2BrFAZ07JGVsWZosnZVg  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buckingham-palace-london?select=TzSmVLo019GI29cXyDPheA#z8lvzeEaxXHoIttOOABpHw #Menso's

I'm here to see Kate but this dude wouldn't listen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buckingham-palace-london?select=TzSmVLo019GI29cXyDPheA#TzSmVLo019GI29cXyDPheA and these dudes had her on lock down http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buckingham-palace-london?select=TzSmVLo019GI29cXyDPheA#1spas8JW67V8SwC7DC8LZA well they ain't letting me in and it's too crowded here..... time for some Fish & Chips, I'm out!
I guess I don't really know what I was expecting.

Let me first say that, the elaborately decorated gates outside the palace are absolutely beautiful. Big, gaudy and gold, with hints of blue.

Other than that, I was underwhelmed. I stood there for a few minutes, watched the guards stand there and then occasionally walk back and forth and then that was pretty much it. After a while, I literally just felt like i was just sitting there staring at just a big old building with gates. Nothing really too exciting or memorable. Perhaps actually getting to go inside during the short time-frame that it's actually open is a better experience.
What a total bust. Even during winter time it was crowded and the change of guard took FOREVER. I thought it was a waste of time but I guess if you've never seen it before it's worth seeing once.
I'm speaking of the state rooms of Buckingham Palace, not of the outside.
The state rooms include a full visit of the interior of the most famous royal
palace in the world, several private rooms and a full visit of the public rooms,
dining rooms and receiving halls. Furthermore, they usually have some
exhibitions on display, adding value to the place.
This is really a visit you should do ONLY if you are interested into knowing a
bit better the life inside a royal palace. There is Camden Market for everybody
else. Better, there is a tv.
But if you can get in the magic of the place, then you would seriously like it,
it's a wonderful insight into the life of the royal family, with several
curiosities and nice secrets to be discovered.
It's a bit expensive and it's open only during the summer months (well, a bit
more, but anyway it's closed during the winter), but it' definitely worth a
visit!
Oh and the garden is awesome!
Buckingham Palace is an iconic London Landmark. After all it is the home of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. I have never been inside the state palace. Only seen it from the outside. It is a grand building which has many tourists coming here as expected. You come, see the building, get some photos then leave. Not much else to do here.
Definitely a place you want to check out if you ever get the chance while you're here.

Pros:
+ Iconic
+ Gorgeous pictures
+ Beautiful architecture

Cons:
- The changing of the guards ceremony only happens two or three days a week. - we ended up missing it entirely since we only had the morning where they weren't going to do it.
- Super crowded!
The palace is always an awesome sight to behold in person. Guards milling about, crowds gathering up and beautiful weather. Good selfie spot out front to take with the significant other. Wish I could have stuck around longer for the performance but seen it already and not in London for long, off to Belgrave! But definitely a must for any first one London visitor!!!
Be sure to make time to see Buckingham Palace and the surrounding gardens and park.  There is a circle out front where tourists stop for pictures and then you can walk the main promenade down the gardens toward Piccadilly.
Yes, I was a tourist, yes I came here during a flood and got soaked to the bone but I couldn't help myself. It's pretty close to the tube so it's very easy to get to and that's very convenient. I wasn't very impressed but I'm glad I passed by. Definitely not something that needs to be witnessed twice.
Buckingham Palace is one of the most famous, busiest tourist attractions in London, and somewhere you do have to visit, while touring the great capital of the United Kingdom, and they even do small tours of State Rooms for a few weeks in the summer.

I came here in the evening, on my last night in London, just to get a glimpse of it, with it being within walking distance of my hotel, and just a short walk across Green Park away.

Buckingham Palace is easy to get too, being a short walk from Piccadilly and Green Park tube station, which is an accessible station too.

As I did visit in the evening at around 7pm, I did miss the changing of the guards, but I did get chance for a more peaceful look around and better photos, with the crowds at that time, being significantly lower, but still, they must of been 20-30 people there, as well as myself.

Buckingham Palace is a pretty impressive building, having opened in 1703, it did take a while to become the official royal residence, with Queen Victoria being the first monarch to live here, since it becoming the "royal palace" in 1837, when she became Queen. Queen Victoria has become the longest serving monarch of the UK, a record which Queen Elizabeth is set to beat, literally days from now.

Back to Buckingham Palace, it is quite a nice attraction and is in the city of Westminister, it is quite quiet in the surrounding areas, especially at that side of Green Park, with a busy road and a few small businesses and empty spaces, so it isn't the nicest place to look around after going to Buckingham Palace, which has to mark this attraction down, as if you look around Big Ben, The Houses of Parliament and London Eye, they is quite a lot of things to do around there, including many attractions, which is also in the City of Westminster, and one stop on the tube from Green Park, so it should be easy to see them both on the same day.

Due to security reasons, and that the Queen does live here, you can't really get close to the Palace which is a shame, which means a photo with the gate, and the palace in the background is probably the best you can get, but still Buckingham Palace is really nice to see, and I would probably recommend seeing the changing of the guards if you have not seen it before (be warned that hundreds, if not thousands of people do witness it, so you might be lucky to see one of their hats at busy times!), but it is still good, missing the crowds and coming late at night.

Due to the surrounding areas and security restrictions ruining the attraction a little (although rightly so they are in place!), I do feel Buckingham Palace deserves 3 stars, as it is a great attraction , but parts of the surrounding area, not so.
Hopped off the train at Victoria station and the first sight we went to see? of course, Buckingham Palace!
I do have to say after all the build up to my trip to London, seeing Buckingham Palace really didn't live to expectations. I imagined something along the grandness of Versailles and the sort.

It might have also been because there was a London 10,000 race going on that day and the finish line was at Buckingham Palace. Go runners!! But it was so loud and so much more people than I had expected. No wonder the Queen rarely actually lives there.
You cannot go to London and not see Buckingham Palace. It's like going to Washington DC and not see the White House. Buckingham Palace is not a far walk from the other big tourist areas like Trafalgar Square or the London Eye. It is always crowded in front of the Palace, especially when it's around the time of changing the guards. 

I did not get to go inside the Palace but seeing it from the outside was a  pretty cool experience already. My favorite part of this place is the pretty fountain in front of it with different sculptures - makes great photo op.

If you have time, seeing the changing of the guards is a neat experience. They only do it at specific time so if you are lucky, you won't have to wait that long.

You do not need more than thirty minutes for this tourist attraction so be sure to squeeze this onto your list of activities, fellow tourists!
So apparently my co-workers and I are extremely lucky or unlucky, depending upon one's perspective ... we happened upon Buckingham Palace as the changing of the guards was taking place. Given how many reviewers have expressed disappointment at being at the palace on the wrong day, that seems lucky.  But the swarm of humanity, selfie sticks in the way, and only being able to see the guards from afar, or only the tops of their bearskin hats as they were marching by?  Unlucky.  It happened to be a beautiful day in London (weekend before a serious heat wave hit, in fact), so at least we were not getting rained upon while we were packed into the crowd not seeing the guards. Were I ever to come back to London as a tourist and plan upon seeing the changing of the guards, I would make sure to get here early, bring my camera with a good telephoto lens, and find a spot on the Victoria memorial to take it all in. I'd also see about touring the palace, because watching a bunch of guards marching about is only so interesting, you know?
Saw guards at the palace. Wasn't very crowded at 5:00-6:00 pm on a Saturday in September.  We walked but there were several taxis available on all the streets surrounding the palace.
Not always available to visit inside but when it is you should take advantage. Right near the upscale Knightsbridge area this classic London attraction can be just as interesting seeing it from the outside. The architecture and guards make for that true London feel. Even just for a quick visit you won't be disappointed.
If you have the time and the inclination, the changing of the guard here is kind of cool.  It was one of those things that I was glad I did but don't feel the need to do again.  The place gets really crowded and it can be difficult to catch any view at all much less a good one, but it is a perfect photo op and the beefeaters really are impressive in all their pomp and circumstance.  I was actually really impressed with the police officers controlling the flow of traffic and monitoring the crowd.  I even asked one where I could stand to video the band walking by and he pointed to a relatively uncrowded spot along the way where I could get up close and personal.  They were also liberal with their warnings to keep your items secured.  I just zipped my cross-body up under my coat and held onto my camera, but you really do want to watch yourself here because it is very easy to get caught up and totally distracted while pressed in against a bunch of other onlookers.  Definitely worth a visit.
So beautifully maintained. 

And packed with tourists.

Lovely sculptures and gardens.
My friend and I went to the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace and he swore up & down he was the only Englishman in attendance! It truly was a cornucopia of nations here with various languages being spoken.

Changing of the Guards is the most regal of British ceremonies a tourist can witness. It's so prim and proper and I loved it!

All the guards taking part in the ceremony are dressed in traditional red tunics and bearskin hats, and the ceremony is set to music. They played some traditional music but then broke out into Tom Jones! Completely unexpected and fun for my friend and I.

At Buckingham Palace, Guard Mounting takes place at 11.30 am. It is held daily from May to July, and on alternate dates throughout the rest of the year. I really think this is a cool ceremony you shouldn't miss viewing once. Apologies in advance for my fellow Americans making silly, ignorant comments during the change.

When I go back to England, into the Palace I must go!
The changing of the guards is very impressive. The palace it's self is huge. A great piece of history. That needs to be seen.
Ive gotta be honest here. I think the building is kinda boring. And small. And not as ornate as I expected. Didnt see any change of guard but I did see a shit ton of tourists. I have to say the memorial in the gardens in the turn circle was more fascinating.
Our tour company took us to see the changing of the guards at Buckingham Palace, a rather short but colorful and ceremonious walk across the street by the red-robed guards that is treated much like a parade.  

Throngs of crowds line the barricades to witness the guards strut stoically down the street amidst cheers and the sounds of the band.  We were mostly charmed by the horses, one that posed for us with a perfect poised hoof.  

In all honesty, somewhat of a disappointment that we couldn't get much closer to see more.  But I think our tour guide felt that was enough.  Sigh.
A beautiful royal palace. A friend and I just went on the tour - it is only open for about six weeks a year during the summer when the queen is on holiday in Scotland (sorry, you won't meet Liz in the hallway!) and a friend and I took advantage of this and scheduled a time. You can pick from 15-minute timeslots, and I recommend booking online ahead of time as you may have to wait a few hours if you buy them on the day. You'll receive an audioguide as part of the fee and wander freely (within the roped areas of the State Rooms open to the public, a small portion of the grand, massive palace).

This summer there is an exhibit on Royal Childhood that's fun - it shows what life was like for some of the many royal children over the centuries. My favourite part was the family tree of the royal family going back several generations, including many people I'd never heard of!

My main tip is to use the toilet before you go in if you need to go, because it is 1.5 to 2 hours before you'll reach the end, depending on how long you spend, and there are no toilets in the palace. There's also a lovely garden café with snacks and drinks and an amazingly huge back garden you get to walk past on your way to the exit.

Also, no photography inside - this doesn't quite make sense to me, so whenever this happens a place will always get -1 star from me. But it's nice to just see anyway, and perfectly fine if you aren't into photography anyway!

Of course, year round there is the changing of the guard ceremony in front of the palace on a regular basis. This is cool, but I'm not completely sure it's mandatory, since the crowds get so crazy, you end up waiting around forever, and it's hard to see anything. I do definitely recommend having a wander around St. James's Park, which is especially beautiful in the springtime when the trees and flowers are blooming everywhere!
Beautiful iconic palace with multiple places to get a great photo for the photo album.
Buckingham Palace receives cool points simply because there are no palaces in the U.S.  The palace is huge and gorgeous - definitely worth a visit!

Unfortunately, I found most of the activities at the palace cheesy, touristy, and overpriced.  Who wants to spend their entire morning waiting for the "Changing of the Guard"?!?! It sounds cool, but I'm not going to wait around the palace for two hours amongst a mob of tourists when I can be exploring London instead.

Since we had no interest in purchasing tickets to see the "Royal Stables" or the "Queen's Art Collection" we just walked outside of the gates and took pictures near the gates and the Queen Victoria Memorial Sculpture.  I would have been interested in seeing the State Rooms, but these rooms are only available for tours during the summer while the Queen is on holiday.  If you are lucky enough to visit during the summer it is strongly suggested to purchase tickets in advance: http://www.royalcollection.org.uk/default.asp?action=article&ID=30#tickets
During summer, when I visited London, they had the "changing of guards" ceremony every morning at the Buckingham Palace! I've never seen this before, so of course, I went to check it out! Whoa, this "changing of guards" really show and reflect the British culture. Organized, well-mannered, and fancy! oh, the royalty attitude! It was very cool to see the guards in that bright red uniform and marched at synchronized beat. I also learned about the representations of the different colors in their plumes and different levels by the number of their buttons. OMG, the crowd was the most insane! There were soo many people! The roads were blocked off and all the tourists wanted to take pictures and see the guards! However, the security guards kept everything under control. It was a very grand scene and interesting experience.
Very cool to visit.  Wonder if the Queen really lives here.  Really Magnificent and a real honor to visit this historic structure.  I would say recommending is an understatement
I pass here early mornings looks stunning in the morning sun and without any people around the guilding looks fantastic on the summer mornings
One of the top points of interests in London, it's a must see for foreigners!

I am privileged and honored to have the chance to stand and admire at a piece of culture and history from across the miles. Understandably it's a tourist trap but regardless we all marvel at it's existence. Therefore, I stood in astonishment in front and bypassed the tour, but heard it's worth the time and money. Unfortunately, time was not on our side considering all the other places we wanted to visit.
The famous buckingham palace. 

Athough I didnt get to go inside for the famous summer event going on that I saw ads for all over the tube I got to see the outside and the changing of guards. Next time when I have more time I will def take the tour since its only open like 6 weeks a year. Both the palace and changing of the guards was stunning and def something I will always remember.  (NOTE, THERE IS A SMALLER CHANGING OF THE GUARDS AT ANOTHER BUILDING DOWN THE STREET ;P) A must see when in London. The architecture of the palace, the gates, even the area around the palace is beautiful. After you can walk through the park which is beautiful but busy and packed. 

A must see, period. Seeing it in person is much better than through videos and photos, its just not the same.
The grounds surrounding the Palace are awesome.

Go to the Palace, get your photo and then leave.  Not much to see or do other than just marking it off your check list.  Still beautiful, however.
I didn't go inside, so I saw it like most people - from the exterior. And of course the Queen wasn't in, she was in her second home in Scotland. The building itself was underwhelming (it looks better in the movies or in documentaries about the Royal Family). I was shocked to see that there were Coke cans and other rubbish in the Victoria Memorial. No water, so I couldn't even make a wish. 

On a side note, I did enjoy the Buckingham Palace Shop with the "Royal Collection" on Buckingham Palace Road. Expensive but adorable gift items to take back home.
I'd been to Buckingham Palace once before (as had my wife), but we couldn't resist going back, especially since we were right in the area after visiting The Eye and Big Ben. It goes without saying that the exterior of Buckingham is really impressive. We didn't get to see the changing of the guard, but that's ok.

In addition to the palace, the adjoining park/Princess Diana Memorial Walk was also quite beautiful. We enjoyed the short walk around the swan-filled pond, even though it was a tad cold and rainy.

Unless you're just really pressed for time, I'd definitely recommend even a quick visit to Buckingham Palace.
Mark this down as your number one spot to visit in London! If you are a fan of the royal family, you need to stop here, right away!

My suggestion is to get off either at St. James' Park or Green Park. Green Park Station would allow you to see the original Hard Rock Cafe and the Ritz!

If the Palace is open, go inside! The tour is great, and it eventually leads you to the outside gardens. Truly an experience! If the Palace isn't open and even if it is, go check out the Royal Mews to see the cars and carriages of the Royal Family!
This is where the Queen lives and does things. It also makes for one of the most popular tourist attractions in the UK. How can you not come here and take a picture with the building as best as you can. It's a challenge to take a good picture with the building without 50 other tourists in your picture. I have a lot of "new friends" in my pictures of the palace and I.

It's a pretty sweet house surrounded by beautiful gardens. Maybe on your visit here there will be some ceremony taking place. I know the change of the guards happens like every Saturday or something. Obviously if you want a good view, come like 1 hour before it starts.

If the flag is up, that means the queen is in. Too bad she doesn't randomly come out and wave to people.
Visited London during the summer. The change of guards is at 11am and it's definitely a show! Come early since there's always a crowd. People line up and get pushed around, so watch out for your pockets! Lots of pocket theft here! For you photographers, you must come extra early to get the perfect spot. Even then, there will still be swarms of tourists blocking your angle! If it's hot or sunny, bring a hat or umbrella. You just might need it!
On visiting the UK, you'll inevitably have, "Go watch the changing of the guard," be a suggestion someone gives you. As a kid tourist on my first visit, I had no interest in seeing two men have the ceremonious exchange wherein one essentially says, "It's all right. I've got it from here." 

What they don't tell us young travelers is how the change is actually a parade with marching bands, happening every day, in front of Buckingham Palace. Not knowing that made the whole daily event that much more exciting for us children, running along to keep up with the drum major. 

Hundreds, if not thousands, of people wait around for hours to see this, coming from all over the world and standing on anything they can to get a good view. The guard change ritual is really the thing to experience, more so than looking at the palace's white-with-gold-inlay interior.
I mean really, what am I supposed to rate this other than excellent?

If you are looking to see the changing of the guard, be at least an hour early, for the most interesting view, you want to be right up against the fence of the palace. Keep in mind that the crowd gets serious!

- Do be prepared to stand for a long time
- Do bring something to do while you wait

We watched from the steps of the Victoria monument, and had a good view of the coming and going, but didn't really get to see or hear what was happening inside the grounds. Better for seeing the gaurd coming and going than for the ceremony inside.
This is just overrated. Yes, this palace looks amazing, but I wouldn't want to spend time waiting for the changing of the guards or be a creeper to tour the inside. I'd say give this place a glance and move on to the next thing on your "London To Do List". 

As this is London, there are going to be pick-pocketers here. So, protect your belongings.
A cool spot in London.  Honestly, with all the other places to see, I wouldn't classify this a "must-see"...

The architecture is good, but not as spectacular as one might expect....it's actually nice that one can walk around the area as well since it's surrounded by a few gardens and those were a bit more impressive than the Palace.

Be prepared for obvious large crowds!
Before coming here, I was a little surprised that it had 3 stars. After having come here, I understand why.

I guess you have to really book the Buckingham Palace in advance many, many, mannnny months because if you just show up the day of or even check a few weeks before your trip, you will realize that there are NO visitor tickets for the inside.

Thus you are left like a bunch of chickens in a coop, but outside of the coop, surrounding the palace. 

The changing of the guards is ... well I'd recommend you watch it elsewhere. As one reviewer put it, it was extremely crowded even when it wasn't the time to change guards.

If you check your expectations, it's a cool view and the area is nice. Otherwise, make sure you check in like February or March of some year you're going to go later on so that you can catch an inside ticket!
Our adventures in London just didn't allow us the opportunity to really visit the palace and maybe tour if they allow such things. But we did come by twice to watch the changing of the guards, as well as just to take pictures both from the gate and the statue in the center entry.

I would have loved to go inside...maybe met with the Queen Mum.
God save the queen. 

Omg. Did I just pay £17.50 just to see where she lives!?

Given the grandness of the state rooms, palace wardens literally at every turn for immediate assistance and having the experience of actually touring inside the palace (only open in August and September when the queen is not in residence) it was a tour well worth it. 

Dare I say that the Changing of the Guards ceremony is such an overrated thing? Of course not. Okay, maybe you only need to see it once. It was nice to witness it, the ceremony takes 45 minutes to complete and starts at 11:30am every day in summer and every other day in winter, but there are literally, hundreds of people and if you don't get there early (11am isn't early!) you'd be staring at the back of somebody's head. 

If you don't get a chance to see the inside of the palace, entry to the Royal Mews and Queens Gallery are included in your ticket. (we didn't have time to explore this since the palace tour took about 2 hours)

When we visited in September, the Royal Faberge was the featured special exhibit. We saw imperial Easter eggs, jewel encrusted boxes, gilded picture frames, etc. This royal collection spans generations of the British Royal Family starting from Queen Victoria. You bet my mouth was hanging open the whole time staring at these glittering masterpieces. 

Also, the real treat for me was to see Kate's wedding dress, shoes and earrings on display. How often does a member of the Royal Family get married anyway?! (exactly!) They showed a short video clip how the designer was chosen and the making of the dress. 

Aside from the 19 staterooms that are lavishly decorated (I really like the White Room with the ebony-veneered cabinets that held a concealed door!), the palace gardens and lake are a sight. Allow extra times to explore the gardens (and the giftshop for that matter!) 

The only thing I didn't like: absolutely no photography inside the palace! Believe me, I tried to sneak a picture of the Throne room or the Grand Staircase, but alas, no dice!
Changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace - I'm thinking it's a tradition that's been performed, rain or shine, for hundreds of years.  I'm also expecting it to be solemn, pinpoint precision, and rich in pageantry.

So it was almost a complete whiff for me.  Little did I know I would be waiting over an hour to watch what I would compare to a mediocre half time college football marching band performance.  

When the band started playing some big band era music, I was scratching my head.  When they followed with an Adele medley, my jaw dropped.  I did not have to wait that long and be crushed 5 deep against the fence for an hour to hear a medley of Adele songs.  At that point, I was just hoping to get it over with.  From the expression of most folks around me, I wasn't alone. 

So maybe because having seen the changing of the guard at Arlington (10x better) my expectations were completely off base but I did not enjoy the performance at all and it was merely a check-the-box visit.
First time in London, this is a must see landmark. Nothing special really, just a building. It's like going to Washington DC going to see the White House, but MUCH grander and nicer. 

Come early and beat the crowd, or visit during an off peak season. when i went it was not crowded at all, so I was able to take some good pictures of the palace.

If you visit at the right time, stay to watch the changing of the guards. I didn't get to see, but I'm sure it'll be nice to watch and experience. At the same time, I don't think it'll be any mind blowing experience. haha

If you want to go into the palace, try looking into getting a London Pass, and you'll have a code to book a tour of the inside palace.
Is the Changing of the Guard supercalifragilisticexpialidociously special? Not really. Is it worth witnessing once in a lifetime for the grand pomp & circumstance of tradition that it is? Absolutely. 

If I ever have an opportunity to actually tour INSIDE a part of the palace, I would jump at the chance, but you won't find me lining up among the throng of spectators again anytime soon. There's so much to see in London and while I have seen this once, I'm not itching to go back.
This is yet ANOTHER must see while in London. It's like going to San Francisco as a tourist and not going to the Golden Gate Bridge.

This place like most touristy locations can be bad and good depending how you approach it and what your expectations are.

We went here probably at the worse time you can go--during the changing of the guards. Do you REALLY have to see that? Not really. 

It got so crowded, and it wasn't even a weekend. People just standing around aimlessly. Imagine yourself standing in the middle of no where doing nothing.. thats what people were doing. NOt taking pictures, not admiring the sights, but just wasting their time. 

We were not from London, we were on vacation, and we are there for a limited amount of time. We were not about to stick around to wait for people's BO to start building up until we smelled it. We appreciated the sights, the architecture, the landscapes, the garden, the palace, that big statue in the middle, took pictures, and BOUNCED.

I guess if you are into history or have more of a connection to have a tour or even detailed visit at the Buckingham Palace, so be it, but for an average Joe tourist like myself, just being there was special enough.
After coming into Buckingham Palace, I now have a new obsession with Queen Elizabeth II, no joke. This is a must see! A sad thing is that you can't take pictures inside the palace.

When you enter Buckingham Palace, you self-guide yourself with an audio tour. The tour was really nice, and allowed people to go at their own pace. The rooms are really grand an elegant, it's kind of scary to go anywhere other than the first room! 

My favorite exhibit was the coronation room- as I said, obsession with the queen. But seriously, the coronation room holds so many precious things that were amazing to learn about. After seeing Elizabeth's coronation dress and mini Prince Charles in his suit, I immediately wanted to watch the full televised broadcast of the coronation on YouTube. 

Once you get outside of the palace, you are allowed to take pictures. There is also a little cafe beside the house that sells sandwiches and drinks. My family got the sandwich as a little snack, and to be honest, it was horrible.

After exiting the palace, you have to walk about 0.2 of a mile to the gift shop, which I definitely recommend going to. Bathrooms are also near the gift shop, yay! Then, after exiting the gift shop, you need to walk about a half a mile to exit.

Before you exit, the staff give you an chance to stamp your ticket, ensuring a free years pass. TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY! It's an amazing deal, and is absolutely free.

There is a policeman right in front of the exit- Make sure to take a picture with him. Don't be shy, he's so nice!

September 2013
When you're standing in front of one of the most recognized buildings in the world, you can't help but be in awe of it. It's tremendous in size and beauty. Both day and night, it's a fabulous looking structure that, whether you are a royal lover or not, just strikes you as a fantastic piece of architecture. We missed going inside the royal apartments by a few days, but hey! Another reason to go back!!
We went to the changing of the guard because apparently it's one of those things you must see when visiting London. I would recommend looking it up on youtube, don't bother coming all the way down to Buckingham Palace just to see the guards (we didn't tour inside the actual palace so I can't comment on that tour).  There are waaaaaaay too many people here who frantically think the Queen is just going to waltz out of the palace. I actually had a woman try to crawl over me to get a picture of a horse. A horse! 

Save your stress level, or go before 10 am and just sit and wait for an hour and half. Don't bring small children., and if you don't like being jostled in a crowd or are vertically challenged (i.e. shorter than 6 ft) don't even bother trying to see what's happening! 

Also, if you are Canadian and have ever been to a Remembrance Day ceremony or have seen soldiers twirling and tapping their guns simultaneously or have been to a parade then you probably get the idea.
It was on my wife's bucket list to see the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace so off we went.  We arrived with over an hour to spare before the festivities, and it was already super crowded.  By the time the event started, it was wall to wall people (with hardly any walls).  

There were many police and security patrolling the grounds outside the Palace.  They were constantly warning us spectators to protect our belongings and beware of our surroundings.  Apparently, there are plenty of pickpockets here.

I must admit that the exterior of Buckingham Palace is quite beautiful.  The Changing of the Guard is cool.  

We stayed longer after most of the crowds left.  We were able to admire Buckingham much better without the mass of people.

Buckingham Palace is worth visiting (even with the crowds).  I'm glad that we were there in November when the weather was nice and cool.  Wouldn't want to be with the  masses during the hot summer months.
We were not going to go Buckingham Palace. We were avodiing anything that was just too many tourist but we ended up wandering around the city and ending up not far so we walked over. It was actually not that busy. We looped the place took some photos and moved on. Would I go during the busy season or waiting around for hours to catch the changing of the guard. . . no, but I would recommend a swing by if you are already in the area.

BTW I don't believe there are any bathrooms all that close by. . just a heads up.
Visited September 2014
There are hundreds of people so if you want a chance at seeing something get there early the nice thing is there's a lot of pomp and circumstance. Soldier marching in on foot and horses. Soldiers playing music. There's a whole big kind of show for about an hour at the Changing of the Guard. You can hear the soldiers playing music. Good chances to take pictures. If you're short it's going to be challenging so try to get through are close as you can through the crowd to get an open space. Lot of selfie sticks and arms in the air. My recommendation would take a few pictures and then put your camera down so people behind you can see some stuff and just enjoy it.
Let me preface with this: I didn't do any of the activities associated with Buckingham Palace. I simply went, looked around, took pictures, and soaked it all in. And I loved it.

Seriously, this place is gorgeous and is totally worth a visit. You're just surrounded by so much history and awesomeness, and the pictures turn out great.

Just a tip though: The metros and bus stops are a bit of a haul, so don't do this last in your day like I did. My feet totally paid the price.
It was nice to say I went. Mind you I went at night and was exhausted. It was a nice view...I would say it's s nice experience to have of you get a chance and have time
Visiting Buckingham Palace seems like a faint memory, and I'm wishing i was back there right now. Even though it was busy Buckingham is a must see, after all the Queen lives here! There are lots of people taking pictures and if you are lucky you will see the guards changing for their shift. We enjoyed walking around and taking lots of pictures, which is exactly what I think you are supposed to do!
I guess I'm just not into it.  It costs a lot...there isn't that much to see.  Bought the Royal Day Out pass and I was a bit unimpressed.  I'd save the money and just walk around the outside unless you are a royal freak.  If you really are one, buy the ticket for the State Room.
This is how to live.  an amazing trip through the last 500 years.  The tour is perhaps a little crowded but the audio headsets let you enjoy the tour at your own pace.  

Get to the changing of the guard an hour early if you want to be up close to the fence.
The state rooms are magnificent, the exhibits change every year and this year was the royal children which was not very appealing but the state rooms and gardens are captivating. Definitely have lunch at the cafe overlooking the garden! Book your ticket in advance as they run or if it relatively fast 

The changing of the guard outside happens everyday in the summer and every other day in the fall so check first website before going
Just got back from a 2 week holiday with my toddler son to see family/friends in London...and what's a visit to London - without a stop here... 

Went on a Sunday afternoon..say 2pm -ish.... we strolled.... we saw... we had a little picnic with some sausages and chips on the lawn across the road ( I recommend you do the same to get away from the crowds)....... my son had a poop.... and we went on our way.. strolling through the gardens... and back home on the tube.....

I don't have the patience for tourist traps... but there are just some places that you MUST see...and would regret if you didn't visit.... Buckingham Palace is one of those places... I didn't fancy standing on line after line... to get into a crowded gift shop...or to see inside.... We had a far better time running on the lawn... playing near the fountains...and on our stroll home...

Travel is very different for me now... since I'm a mum..
So if you have children - you just go with the flow...and you have to miss some things due to schedules.. feedings.. naps.. but we adjust..
When my son is older - we'll come back and dig into the Palace a bit more.. .. but it just wasn't worth it on this trip. We much prefer to be outdoors anyhow.

Save yourself the stress.... take a pic in front of the gates... and keep walking.. enjoy the grounds.. the gardens....and if you must do the inside tours.... find a time when its not so crowded... *are there any ?? ... if you find out.. let me know....

And the Queen wasn't at home when we visited...
Bummer..

Cheers...
Er, didn't get to go in, but it's beautiful! It's not Versailles or anything like that. Kind of cool to see the Queen was in the house when we went (the flag is flying). 

If you want to see change of the guard, you better arrive 2 hours before (9am) to take obnoxious photos and play around before grabbing a nice spot. Else you'd be outta luck to see anything but a glimpse of the poofy black hats. 

Planning your day: Follow a semi-short walk down the one lone road directly across from the palace, and you'd arrive in Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery. There are lots of restaurants in the area and Sainsburys if you want a lower-key/inexpensive lunch/dinner.
Beautiful! This is like going to the White House in the states. You can only take pictures outside the place, and see the statue guards lol.
Awww, man... Do I really have to be the jerk who gives a royal palace 2 stars?

As most people know, Buckingham Palace is only open a limited time out of the year.  As soon as I found out it was open, I got giddy with excitement and promptly purchased my tickets for a "Royal Day Out" which included the State Rooms at Buckingham Palace, the Royal Mews, and the Queen's Gallery.

I'll start with the positive:  The Leonardo DaVinci, Anatomist exhibit at the Queen's Gallery is FANTASTIC.  Seriously, awesome.  Like... awe-some.  Not like "totally rad, dude" kinda awesome (although, it is totally rad... dude).  Very well organized, the staff were particularly friendly and were happy to impart their own knowledge.  I definitely recommend this exhibit.

The not-so-positive: You have to go through security three times.  One for each part of your "Royal Day Out".  This is full-on TSA scan your bag and take off your jacket because it might have some metal on/in it security.  Fair enough for a working palace, I suppose?

The Royal Mews are kinda cool... you get to see some of the royal coaches which are lovely, and one of the royal limos (a Rolls, in this case).  Where are the horses?!  I was all stupid 9-year-old girl excited to see some amazing horses.  I guess that was a fairly silly expectation.  At the very end, they did have two oldies out for people to see, and they were still spectacularly large, but I wanted to see glorious royal horses in action!

And the lowlight, Elizabeth forgive me, Buckingham Palace State Rooms.  It was just obvious that they'd (for lack of a better expression) "dumbed it down" for us plebs. Put some lame-ass carpet down for us to walk on, had old silk flowers in vases, the furniture was in obvious disarray.  Seriously, that awful carpeting and those dusty old silk flowers really made me tune out.  I tuned back in briefly for a gorgeous Vermeer in the Picture Gallery, and a gorgeous family portrait of Victoria and Albert.  The special exhibit was the Queen's diamonds for the Diamond Jubilee.  Don't stand in the line.  Go around the back of the cases and peek over people's heads.  You can see just as much and spend far less time waiting that way.  Again, the staff was lovely and friendly and helpful, so that's a plus.

My recommendation is to just looooove the majesty of the outside and the giant fountain and statue of Victoria, never go inside unless you're the president of some nation or an ambassador who would actually get to see the real deal setup, and save your pounds for Windsor Castle instead.
We took in August, it was a very nice tour, but you can no take any pictures, which was disappointment. They have bag checks and they will take your camera and bag, you get them at the end of the inside tour. You are allowed to take pictures of the garden (Yard). They have you listen to an audio guide during the tour. They have food out in the garden area as well as a gift shop. There are several steps during the walking tour; if you not good with steps I do believe they have a route for you. They do not have air conditions or at least have it on during the tour.
My trip into Buckingham Palace was extremely memorable. I wasn't expecting much because the exterior of Buckingham Palace didn't look as jawdropping like le château de Versailles, which the exterior is covered with a lot of gold. 

So, I waited in-line and I purchased the tickets. Once I entered inside Buckingham Palace, I was blown away by it's interior. It was much more pleasing than le château de Versailles. It was nice, bright, comfy, as the floor had carpet. I felt like taking my shoes off, it felt that good. The temperature of the rooms were set to room temperature too. I felt like I was at home. The interior was classy and tasteful, and not too gaudy and over the top. I've been inside the White House, and I must say Buckingham Palace is way more beautiful and classier than the White House. 

There are also artwork, antiques, statues, vases, and furniture from around the world inside the Palace. I saw a few from Canada too! There were large rooms inside Buckingham Palace just for paintings!!! The room with the many paintings felt like Musée d'Orsay in Paris. I had a guided voice tour device with me, and it was excellent! It explained all the details about the individual paintings and rooms in great detail. The ceilings of a few of the rooms were just beyond amazing. The craftmanship and details were insanely jawdropping! I spent so much time looking up, and I just wished they allowed photography, because it's so hard to describe the amazing craftmanship of the ceilings.  I will have to say that I enjoyed all of the rooms inside Buckingham Palace. They're all so tastefully designed and very pleasing to the eyes.

 After the self guided tour, I stepped outside of the Palace. There is an area called The Garden Café where you can buy tea, coffee, and sweets, while sitting right next to the gardens. The Garden Café opened in August 2010, and there were many curious guests wondering how the foods and drinks tasted. There were many local British tourists lining up too. After 173 years since Buckingham Palace opened its doors to VIP guests, now I can say, as a regular guy, "I had tea in the garden at Buckingham Palace." 

The gardens isn't as large as the one at le château de Versailles in Paris, but it's very understated to the point that it didn't really stand out too much. However, the lawns were well manicured and the air was clean and crisp - a lot different from the outside city street around Buckingham Palace. A short walk into the garden takes you into a large gift shop where you can buy Buckingham Palace merchandise. I do want to say that my most memorable experience in London had to be the tour inside Buckingham Palace. You must not miss it!!!

Note: For 2010, Buckingham Palace was only opened between the months of August and September. If you're planning a trip to Buckingham Palace, you should always check the opening times.
The palace is as beautiful as it is in pictures and movies and on TV! You can see the large fountain and guard change here as well when you come at the right time. There is not much to do here other than to take the pictures of the fountain, front of palace, and guard changes. There is also a museum nearby with an entrance fee of 10 pounds or so with a beautiful gift shop as well.
It's an amazing palace, but I'm so sad that the gate is so far from the actual palace that it's kinda hard to get a good photo. I wanted to get closer and see the palace and guards at an arms length. It was cool that I got to see the changing of guards and the parade though. Cool stuff... lots of history. Amazing.
Very busy during the summer.

Home sweet home;). Made for a Prince, Prince Z
I rushed here right after I landed so I can catch the changing of the guard. Man what a disappointment. too crowded and if you didn't get here early for a good spot near the fence, it's not worth it. Other than that the building itself is nice looking and worth a few photos. At least I can say I watched the changing of the guards...one time thing for me.
Must see at least once to stop by and "wave to the queen".  Think trip to see the White House only, BP is much more grand.  Changing of the guards at 11am weather permitting.  Take your pic in front of the gates of book a tour if you are lucky enough and head across the street to the gardens.  Wonderful.
The palace was buzzing with people everywhere you turned.  The guards were So serious as well they should be! You can't get next to them for a picture because they are beside the palace behind the gate in their little individual guard huts, which are very useful for protecting their fancy uniforms from all of the rain! But if you place yourself perfectly enough and have your photographer zoom in just right you can get an awesome picture with the guards... 

All Hail The Queen! So I didn't see the Queen :( But I went into her giftshop and purchased an umbrella to combat the rainstorm!  Accidently we arrived in perfect timing or changing of the guards!
If you can visit Buckingham Palace, you should.  Tours are limited depending if the royal family is in town or if there are any other political events happening.

You should go at least to see the famed Queen's guards.
The changing of the guards is the most overrated aspect of Buckingham palace. I would never hope to return every again. The guards in their £10,000 uniforms per person march out which others march in. The police have to keep everyone on a tight leash because there are just so many tourists. The whole ceremony lasted 1 hour and was not worth the 2 hour wait. Everyone watching was on top of each other and no one could see anything. Even all the cops felt that changing of the guards is overrated.
Buy your tickets online! Don't wait in line and then realize they only let a certain amount of people in each day.

http://www.royalcollection.org.uk/default.asp?action=article&ID=30

The changing of the guards was less exciting than we thought but at least we can say been there done that.
Ok the crowds around this place is crazy, if you're trying to walk through the area you can get seriously trapped in there. But, the palace is, of course, incredible. it's mental but incredible. You go to other places around the globe and their Kings and Queens no longer live in giant palaces like this, in fact they're now tourist attractions (Versailles, cough) but Buckingham Palace is a "real life" royal family home. and it's huge. How much of that building do they actually live in? The palace itself is kind of ugly but seems to follow the general palace "specifications". The changing of the guard is quite an interesting event to watch, although be aware the crowds get very thick to watch this and it's often hard to see, so if you want to get a good spot i'd get there at least an hour early. Great place to visit if you're touristing in London though, always got to pop by and say hurrah to the Queen!
If you happen to be in London whilst the Queen is in Scotland on holiday, you have to tour Buckingham Palace.  It's only open in late summer when she is out of town.  Your tickets get you a tour of the Royal Mews (horse and carriage stables) located next to the palace.  You then get to enter the museum outside the palace entrance and finally the palace itself.  Most of the tour is self guided, but it's good to go at your own pace.  The state rooms, as you can imagine, are beautiful.  The tour took us about 2 hours to see everything you could and you finish in the gardens where there is a temporary restaurant to have a cup of tea and some savories while relaxing.  Expensive, but totally worth it.
What am I rating here? Someone's residence? Well, of course it's going to get 5 stars... I mean, it's a PALACE for goodness' sake. 

It's a beautiful structure. Wasn't able to see the changing of the guards (disappointing)--- it happens every other day.

We had planned to take the tour since it was open for tours... however we did not realize the popularity and were turned down. The whole weekend was booked. People had gotten tickets weeks ahead of time. I guess we underestimated the sheer grandness of it all. So instead we toured the Royal Mews. Not quite the palace but hey at least it was something to do. 

Great photo-ops outside the palace.

Note: You may not take pictures inside the palace.
This shinning beacon of British culture need not have any reviews for it is inherently great! From the days of the Raj to now it has lost but an ounce of beauty. If you visit London, be sure to grace our monarch with your presence at Buckingham Palace. It is truly a remarkable piece of British architecture transformed by architect John Nash himself. When approaching this great symbol of Britain one cannot help but feel pride, tourist come from afar just to glance upon this building, and to those tourists helping contribute to the British economy: we salute you. Do have a visit to Buckingham palace. Long Live the Queen.
I was lucky enough to see the changing of the guards. It was great! I'm a big time history buff and that was a great moment in my life. I thought it was just amazing.
What do you mean I can't see the Queen? Me and Queenie go way back!  You want me to stand out here with the hundreds of commoners gathered? WOW!  Ok - but she is not going to be pleased, I tell you that.  Good thing I actually like the view from out here and the catching the changing of the guards.  That's pretty freaking cool, actually.  Glad I caught that.  The Victoria Memorial out here is pretty grand as well.  I must admit.  Still, I think it's pretty wack you won't let me in right now.  The excuse that May is still "working time" and not time for tours is pretty weak to me, especially after I came all this way, but whateves.  Guess it will have to do.  I will be back one day though, and when I do, I want some QT w/ Queen Elizabeth to make up for this slight.  No excuses.  I am a very important person (I like to think, at least).
Haven't been in years but I got to see the crossing of the guard last time. I love LONDON and Buckingham palace is great to check off the list walk chill in the park purchase a seat and live it up
This is a must see for everyone visiting London.

Make sure that you get your picture taken at the Arch and at the gate.

Everyone wants to see the changing of the guards, so if you have time you can stick around until you see it. This is a popular tourist destination so be prepared for hordes of people in the area.

It should be noted that Buckingham palace is some distance from where you actually are. There is a gate that is several feet away from the guards and the entrance, so it is somewhat difficult to take pictures.

The changing of the guards is a bit over rated, but you can just come and see and check it off your regular list of Tourist things to do.
Everyone says you should experience Buckingham Palace (where the Queen lives). 

The Changing of the Guard is one of the popular things to do while here. 

We were disappointed as Summer hours is only every other day and then the day we came; it was cancelled. 

We were able to get a picture with a guard but we decided to not go in the tour. 

I felt a little underwhelmed by the whole experience as I thought it would be more 'grand'.
An hour of my life I"ll never get back....

1.  This review is  just for the whole "changing of the guard" event.  I didn't get a chance to go inside and tour the lovely royal palace.  

2.   I'm not here to say don't visit the palace.  In fact, as a tourist, it is part of your itinerary to check it out :-)    So basically you have to go just to say you went haha    

3. In my travel books it says the whole guard change takes place at 11:30am and to get there around 10:30am for a good spot at the fence.  Well of course everyone must have the same travel books because me and thousands of other people were there around 10:30 crowding around that fence.  So much for beating the crowd.  But luckily the fam and I snagged a spot right at the fence, enough to take some pics and have strangers leaning on my back trying to take their own pics.  Be ready to let go of your personal space here.    

3.  Two regular looking guards are "protecting" the doors of the palace.  At around 11:45, in marches about maybe 15-20 guards in their red jackets and furry black hats playing instruments.  Wow they not only protect the palace, but they're a British marching band as well.  There's some shuffling, more band playing, more shuffling, somewhere "keys" are supposedly exchanged, and in the mix,  the red jackets and black fluffy hat guards are now at the palace doors.  Ta-daaaaa!

4.   Ahh yes, check it out, take pics.  Maybe watch it on you-tube first if you can.  Bummed I couldn't find an open guard to get a rise out of, you know the serious ones who cannot move.   I was ready to do anything, like hump his leg.
What can I say about Buckingham Palace that most don't already know?
Here comes some downers from me.
Changing of the guards happens when they say it's going to happen but you won't know if it's been canceled until it's canceled.
We arrived too late in the day to experience the changing, but what makes this place great is what is it, who lives there, the art, the architecture, the statues, the surrounding area. I already knew all that. 
What killed it for us were the people like us...TOURISTS!!!!!!!!!!!! How can you go to a city or anywhere for that matter and drop your trash on the ground? How about that half-eaten sandwich? Sure, just throw that bitch on the ground and keep walking.
Hey, let's go over here and try to engrave our name in this wrought-iron gate post? Let's do it over there under Queen Victoria's statue too. Yeah that will be so awesome! Need some cooling down, sure, step into the fountain! Oh hey, let's climb up on the railing or climb the statues and act like monkey's.
Do people have ANY sense in this world?
Buckingham would be a lot better place if they would just keep us tourists away. I would hate to be the one to clean up after all the tourists or repair what get's broken due to idiocy.
What's up Queen Elizabeth?   Go off season to see the changing of the guard, summer is crazy busy.
I was so excited to see Buckingham Palace.  My parents were so excited to see Buckingham Palace.  And now my friend is excited to go back with me and see Buckingham Palace.  Me?  Probably not very much.  

Maybe I've spent way too much time reading fairy tales and picturing grand palaces in my head, but it just seemed like a hunk of concrete.  I never did seem to be able to time it right so I could see the changing of the guard or the start of the Trooping of the Colours so I just ended up taking a few pics and then moving on my way.  

Which is a perfectly good thing to do.  Go, take a few pictures and then go grab a pint at a pub down the way.  You'll have seen it, saved time in your schedule for something else, and had a pint - Best of everything!
My daughter was really keen to see the changing of the guard but I think we picked the worst weekend of the year. We decided to come on Easter weekend and the crowds were in their hundreds. Unfortunately, even though we got there early at the front of the crowds were the tallest people in humanity and they were all holding cellphones above their heads so they could video the whole thing (really? If you want to see it on video why not just download it from YouTube- it must be on there somewhere!) this meant that the children couldn't see a thing, even on our shoulders, just minute little soldiers through other peoples cracked phone screens. Disappointing visit, but I'm sure it would be wonderful on a quieter day.
Of course, the Buckingham Palace is definitely an iconic must-see if you're ever in London.  The Queen was inside the palace the day we went, so I can't say too much about the tour since it was not opened to the public that day.  However, it was still pretty awesome to watch the changing of the guards ceremony.  It amazes me because it's been such a long tradition, and they do it so perfectly every time!  The palace itself is a grand masterpiece... I just wish I was able to see the inside!!!
Buckingham Palace is the official residence of the British monarch and is one of the most beautiful palaces in the world. Make sure to watch the changing of the guard and see how the guards really are stiff and will not move from their post! The Palace truly is a symbol of the British monarchy and stands the test of time and history!
...ummm, it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be but I mean, what can you say? It's the Queen's crib, and that in itself is pretty darn cool...
The building interior was closed for renovations when we visited. It was a pretty building on the outside, and we got to see the changing of the guard amidst a humongous crowd.
Well, it's Buckingham Palace, so what can you say? It deserves 5 stars in terms of its looks and the fact that it is such a famous palace.

However I will not give it 5 stars because of the fact that both times I have been there I could not get in - and I was there in season. It's massively over-subscribed and I would not recommend that people go out of their ways to plan a day there or anything unless they are willing to go early and get in line.

Not something you should plan as a casual day out but it is undoubtedly beautiful, that's for sure.
Massive in comparison to America's White House, Buckingham Palace encompasses several blocks of property. It's breathtaking to see a palace, an actual palace, and think about all the years of royalty that have passed through those doors. People have lived here longer than the United States has been a country!

The architecture of the gates were my favorite thing, mounted with the gold crest and royal statues. Outside, we watched the guards march in formation back and forth across the perimeter. My friend and I were curious about a tour, but unfortunately, the Queen was home. No one disturbs the Queen. The lights were on and the flag was up, and of course, the place was well guarded. 

Be sure to walk around back. If you're facing the palace, it's the side on the right. You can see the Queen's Rose Garden coming over the fence during the spring and summer months. It's absolutely gorgeous. You can also get a side view of the palace courtyard. This is also the street where the changing of the guards travels through to get to the palace.

I wonder if the Queen enjoys watching streams of tourists poke their nose through the gated fence on a daily basis?

Viewing Time: 30 minutes
First, this is a must see. Second, I went at the wrong time apparently and nothing was going on.  We just stared thru the gates waiting for something to happen.  Not a lot did.  Perhaps I would have more to say if we had done more... Note to you...make sure you know the times of the action and what you want to do so you don't stand around like an idiot ... me... For half an hour.  And if you do...stand around like an idiot, that is...bring a sandwich.  At least then you can entertain yourself while mulling...
The Official Website of the British Monarchy informs us that "The site where Buckingham Palace now stands was originally a mulberry garden planted by King James I (r. 1603-25) to rear silkworms. Unfortunately, he chose the wrong kind of mulberry bush, and silk production never took off in Britain." Imagine! From this interesting beginning, this 775 room masterpiece is truly an icon. Of course, try and make it for the changing of the guard, but even if you don't the architecture and historical significance of this place are not to he missed.
#510 An impressive building, but it was not fun hanging around outside of it for 30 minutes inhaling second-hand smoke just to watch the changing of the guard. Seriously, the experience is overrated. However, it seems we missed out by not touring the place instead. So, I suppose that's going to be going on my never-ending bucket list of things to do while here in England!
Buckingham Palace is an absolute must-do to anyone who is visiting London. But heading there to see the Palace is one thing; going to see the changing of the guards ceremony is another. One must carefully check guidebooks or internet references to get the schedule of the changing of the guards, which, if I'm not mistaken takes place twice a day, every day. The ceremony lasts for a while too and you should get there early in order to get a spot near the fencing so you can see it otherwise you will be stuck trying to see it through a layer of human beings. Not as easy and enjoyable.

Unfortunately if the Queen is present then you are not able to get in to visit the palace but if you are lucky you might be able t oget in on it while she is away, making for a remarkable experience; lots to see and experience. A wonderful experience for tourists and locals alike.
An amazing piece of history, its a must for any tourist.  I mean c'mon.. you have to go see the Palace, and maybe if you have the patience for it the changing of the guard.  We were there in the winter so she was in residence, hence no tour for us.

Personally I have to recommend skipping the guard change if you have other places to go or are on a time crunch.   I missed a few other things I wanted to see because we figured it was a must see.  Again, if you are on a time crunch see the palace, skip the change.

A plus for us was that the Queen was in, and was going somewhere so she drove out, we were RIGHT there, and my daughter got to see her in her impeccable red outfit waving at us plebeians!
We technically did not get to visit the royal apartments at the palace, since they were closed for the season, but we did visit the Royal Mews. You can get a combined ticket for the Mews and the Queen's Gallery. 

The Royal Mews basically houses the Royal carriages- horse drawn and motor. You are led on an English tour, and our tourguide was quite lovely. She picked a couple of the carriages to show us, as well as the bridle room, which displayed the gift from Pres. Obama to the Queen (a set of horseshoes from a race horse and some bridle pieces). In the stable area, you can see the carriage used in the recent Royal wedding. 

The last part of the tour was viewing the royal coronation carriage. It is quite the site and huge! It is gold leafed and features paintings of Posidon and his guards. Apparently, the area is built so when the carriage does need to be use (for the last queen's jubilee), the wall comes out and it is a 2 day process to get the thing out. 

It was a nice way to view some royal things, and a good tour- one hour tops. Afterwards you can view the other carriages and peek into the riding school.
The tour of Buckingham Palace was both entertaining and informative. Inside it is so opulent and ornate with so many details to appreciate, but I was somewhat surprised at how obviously old and worn some parts of the building and furniture were. There is a free audio tour that is worth taking advantage of. I just wish that photography was allowed inside during the tour because there was so much that I would have liked to capture on film from my visit
My first time in London was this past September and I played the tourist part by seeing as many sights as I could. It was typical London weather as the rain was pouring all around the city. But the weather lightened up as my family and I got to Buckingham Palace. A real sight to see. Doing the usual picture taking in front of the gates and Buckingham Palace, as well as in front of Victoria Memorial, it hit me that I was standing in front of one of the most magnificent buildings in the world and one of which has so much history and prestige.

As I was about to leave, I stood at the main gates and gave a big wave, back and forth, to the palace, hoping perhaps the Queen might have seen it. And if she saw that she might have thought, "What a kind gesture, that man did." More likely though, she didn't see it and if she did she probably thought, "Another ridiculous Asian tourist."
Caught the first Big Bus of the day to catch the changing of the guard. Was there early enough to see the parade in, but couldn't see them change due to the people already at the gates.  Don't know how to fix that unless you take a taxi or subway...
Also watch from the side; don't try to watch from the front.  You get a better view and there are less people pushing.
The palace is only open for a month once a year while the Queen is on summer holiday so when I found out that it was while I was there I thought it would be great to go on a tour...but then....

I found out that they basically let you into only a portion of the palace, they strip out most of the furnishings and put others in and they only started the tours because of the bad PR the royal family was getting regarding the cost of family to the people of England.

So...I didn't do the tour.
This was probably the biggest tourist trap let down ever. 

I was SO EXCITED for The Changing of the Guards.

It was supposed to start at 11:30 am. We got there at 11:00 am. HUGE MISTAKE. Massive tourist take over. Can't escape.

Unless you get to the palace at like 9am and get a spot right in front of the gates you can't see anything. You can't get any pictures. And you really wont understand what the heck is going on.

Way to many people.

Not enough viewing area.

I have a lot of pictures of the bars of the fence and one blurry picture of a guard. Tourist fail.

If you are really dedicated to seeing the Changing of the Guards, get there hours ahead of time and prepare to wait. If your indifferent, then pass and go see something else within walking distance.

Sour face.

Walking distance from Victoria station and Westminster station (for a more scenic walk).
This will someday be my future home when I somehow get HRH Prince William to marry me. Until then, this will be one of my favorite spots in London (and then maybe I will rate it 5-stars).

I didn't really see the Changing of the Guard (I'm 4'9".....kinda impossible). But this is solely on the Palace itself. 

I loved walking through this place knowing that my future husband also walked these hallways. =) They had a nice display of Her Majesty's gowns and my goodness she is such a tiny person. That was really cool to see.

I'll have to drag my current boyfriend (before I leave him for Prince William of course) here so he can see my future home. =)
Very beautiful - loved the palace, the street leading to the palace (St. James) and the  beautiful gates, the many sculptures and the gardens that surrounded the palace. There were too many tourist snapping shot, therefore I did not stay too long and neither did I get a chance to tour any of the rooms inside the palace.
the crowd... WOW... THE CROWD! we were late because... really couldn't wake up that early, bus, subway, lost, and get there in time... during a vacation!!! we ended up RUNNING because we hear the music was already playing... but... we still missed the changing guard!

though the guards were still there, music still playing... flag on meaning the queen was in there? then i turn my head, couldn't believe my eyes to see how many people were there, some even climbed on top of each other... but.... what's the point? haha... well, i guess it's a must do for tourist... though i really don't see a point...
We stood and waited for the President to arrive at Buckingham Palace for way too long.  We left with a sunburn.  A sunburn from cloudy London when it was 60 degrees out!  

We couldn't go into the palace, since it wasn't the season.  And they canceled changing of the guard because of Obama.  But it is a beautiful building for sure, and it was cool to just see the guards.  I just wish I could have made silly faces next to them.
So crowded! Especially during the changing of the guards. It's cool to see the buckingham palace though. A lot of history here and it just looks nice aesthetically. I love the gold lions head on the gates.
So the Changing of the Guard is an experience you should have once. And only once.

Why?

Because it's crowded and if you don't get to the Palace early enough, you don't really see the full change. 

I was by the fountain and it was exciting to see them march down the road to the Palace. The outgoing guard marched out with some fanfare. 

But the outside of the palace itself is unremarkable other than it is quite large and there's a ton of tourists waiting to go into the Palace for a tour since it was the end of the short period that the Queen opens her home to visitors. 

The line to get tickets was super long. I'd suggest buying tickets online if you know for sure you're going to be at the Palace. We went on a whim and was on a time schedule to meet up with friends so we didn't want to waste the 1.5hrs standing in line. Especially since we were discussing it for 10 min. and the ticket line didn't move at all!
We walked to Buckingham Palace after breakfast and it just happened to be the perfect time to see the changing of the guards. Unfortunately the palace is so packed with tourists that it is impossible to get a decent photo of the guards (and I was using a dSLR). The building itself is really gorgey and once the crowds clear you get a better chance to see it up close and get some great photos!
Great architecture and view. Too manny people just standing and waiting.
I have to agree with many of the other reviewers; the tourists ruin this place. It was a lovely day so naturally a couple hundred people crowd around outside the palace to stand around, push and take pictures of a building. I had very little interest in going further after being so crowded by the obnoxious tourists. If only they could figure out a more efficient way to deal with the crowds...
You (for obvious reasons) can't get close to this palace.
I've also never been inside so cannot comment on that either.

It's amazing to see the red road all the way up to the fountain statue just outside the palace. When you see the size of the grounds and the place overall it's astounding. Such prime real estate in London! lol

From your view outside, you can see the palace but it looks like an impressive building that is gated and has many tourists outside milling around. If it were my house, I'm not sure I'd like all those people loitering around!

It's ok and it should be seen but I think there are other more interesting attractions.
I came for the changing of the guards. They didn't do it because of a little bit of rain. Come on, it's London, and it's one your most cherished traditions. What a joke!
Buckingham Palace is where the Queen lives - although I've never actually been able to prove it. There are often rumours that she can be seen in the top right hand-corner window changing into her nightwear, and there have also been sightings of her sitting out the front, doing small drawings of tourists. This, sadly, has never been confirmed. 

It's also very difficult to pop round for a visit - as the people guarding the doors are rarely the most welcoming. My attempts to ask Queen Lizzie to "come out to play" were not only fruitless, but I was warned that my life would be at risk if I continued to cycle up to the front door.
The building was a lot smaller than I had imagined it. Not only was it smaller, the architecture of the building was also not that impressive. I came here in time for the changing of the guards and that was fun to watch for about 15 minutes until it gets a little old.

I will update my review once I go inside on a tour. From what I hear, it'll change my opinion but we'll see.
An important place, to be sure, but not very interesting to see. Let me qualify that by saying that I tend to review attractions from the perspective of 1) what there is to do there and 2) how interesting I find it from a purely photographic standpoint.

That said, you may be surprised to find how infrequently the changing of the guard happens, so try to sort that out beforehand if you're really interested in seeing it. Trust me that the only reasons to see it are in saying that you did and getting some interesting close-in shots if you bring a fast enough long lens. I found the building to be quite boring, but the nearby fountain and the metalwork on the surrounding gates were intricate and lovely. The surrounding streets create some interesting angles for the photography-minded visitor.
Being a bit of a Republican, I was a little sceptical about the tour, however I've mellowed since. Was smaller than I thought, a least the rooms were ,unless the people in it visiting , made it so, the pictures and the furniture, well what can I say, superb.The diamond room was packed out, just a little organisation here needed, otherwise the "helpers" were excellent. The food and merchandise a little pricey, but boy o boy worth it! All in all , Thank you everyone there!
Unbelievable experience.  It's great to see the history of the British Royals. Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely tour it again. Best part of the tour was ending for afternoon tea.  Tea was great and the cakes were so amazing I had to go back and try all of them. 
Great Experience
You should not miss this top site while in London! 
I was fortunate enough to have been able to stumble upon the royal Palace three times while in London.  The first time I saw it I was overjoyed!  It is enormous and the detail is amazing!  I was a bit disappointed when I came by for the first time and did not see the Queen's guards in their red suits and funny hats.  I also had just missed the last tour of the State Rooms for the day.  But that it was only my first day in London and I knew I would have time to be back.

That I did.  I came back again to do a tour of the State Rooms, which were amazing, and grab a bite at the Garden Cafe.  

I also unexpectedly came back on my last day in London by chance and caught the Changing of the Guard!  I finally got to see them!  I snagged a front row seat, where others had been standing for hours, and saw this not to miss performance.  It had everything!  Guards on horses, marching guards, a huge band with guards playing all kinds of instruments; it was simply fantastic and I could not believe I had almost left London without seeing it.  The guards even played a rendition of "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson!  I could not believe it!

I recommend getting there early for the Changing of the Guard and standing right next to the gate across from Hyde Park, since this is where the guards enter and exit, or standing somewhere in the middle.

The Changing of the Guard usually takes place daily at 11:30am.  Plan ahead and make sure that you do not miss this!

See my Garden Café and State Rooms at Buckingham Palace Reviews for further info on these!
Hello
went last year in june as a guest what a waste of money time and effert
money could been spent on a good holiday.
What an amazing castle - the grander is almost overwhelming.   We really enjoyed watching the changing of the guards and found a great spot.   Standing around the fountain you could easily see the guards coming in from both entrances.  Next time I would love to see the inside of the palace.
Thou would do well to avoid the Old Palace Yard.  As guests of honour, we were treated quite horribly.
Well, it's no Versailles.  That said, the Buckingham Palace is definitely worth a leisurely visit, and the complimentary audio tour is quite good.  The rooms are grand and filled with both interesting history and interesting decor.  We went on a Thursday afternoon and there was a steady crowd, but nothing too crazy.  The Queen & Commonwealth exhibit was quick, well put together, and easy to navigate.  The gardens were less marvelous than I'd hoped, but otherwise, I was impressed - I suppose it wouldn't be a palace if it weren't impressive.
I was not necessarily looking forward to the tour of the Palace during our trip to London. Went along with it to spend the day with my mom. However, it was very interesting - such architectural detail and variety in the palace; one of the few working palaces. In addition, we had tickets to see the Royal Mews (garage). We got to see the carriages, cars, and a few horses - really impressive.
BuckinghamPalace....The official London residence of the Queen which serves both her home and office.  Nobody goes to London without first visiting the fame Buckingham Palace.  I did this on my first trip. 

During the summer...visitors can enjoy a tour of the state rooms...I read  they are lavisly furnished with the finest treasures including priceless artworks.   Unfortunately  the tours are not available  the times when I was there.  I make sure to go their in the summer the next timeI take a trip....

I saw the changing of the guards.  It takes place in the forecourt of the palace at 11:30every day in the summer and every other day in the winter and lasts about 45 minutes.

We were taking pictures there and I remember this old man came up to me and said ...the Queen is there right now.....How did you know?....See the flag?....Yes....If its up ...that  means the Queen is there....Okay? ..If its not there she is on a trip or somewhere in the country...Okay that's nice to know....

We went to the  gift shop just behind the palace...and bought some souvenirs...but there was this special Fruit  Cake.. that they are selling made by the Queens baker......It was disgustingly  DELICIOUS.!!!!!  I  never miss to pick up a few whenever I go to London. The shop closes at 5:00 pm so if anybody wants to try it.....It is to die for.
14 peoples reviewed this before me, yet none of them have actually been inside? What the hell Yelp? Flag these plebian miscreants and let me take all the glory. Buckingham Palace isn't just some fence-n-gate sealed facade for tourists... it's actually a big ol' place with a bucket load of art.

Once you get past the guards at the much-photographed gates, you crunch your way on the gravel through the arches of the main facade and into the real Palace - a beautiful yard surrounded by exquisite 19th century architecture. Phones, cameras etc are confiscated upon entering the palace through the main stairs but the Ming vases and the uber-shiny gear of the soldiers eases your disgruntlement.

The ball rooms are splendid and grandiose and the ceremonies held here are superbly managed. Gurkas, Beefeaters and Knighthoods. What more do you need? Well the art you pass on your way in is a pretty good standard too... Rembrandt, Rubens, Poussin, Canaletto and at least one mega-rare Vermeer. It's the cream of the crop and in excellent hands.

Good luck getting to see all this though. Let's hope your grandad invented the iron lung or something. An invite to the palace is something that really makes you appreciate it.
Is it worth coming here to say you saw the palace? Sure. Is it worth fighting crowds of sweaty people to watch - or attempt to watch - the changing of the guard here? Perhaps. Don't expect much here though, folks. It's big frickin' palace (hence the name) with a lot of mute guys in red milling about. It's beautiful from the outside, but again, all you need here is half an hour and you'll be fine. Nice to go home and have a couple shots of this place at least...

If you're short, I highly recommend going with a tall, strong friend. Sitting on shoulders is NEVER over-rated in a mob situation where you want photos of something!
Came here with a tour group and it was packed. Didn't get a chance to get close enough to see much. It was August and this place was crowded beyone belief. The only thing that I saw very well was the guard marching back to the barracks.
BORING. Walk by. Take some snaps, but don't wait for the changing of the guard. Too many people and ridiculously boring. You're just watching a bunch of security dudes go to work.
I was lucky enough to visit here at least a couple of times when I lived in England a few years back.  Ok, a lot of years back.  But I was present during the Queen's birthday and had to fight all the major crowds, I got to see the Changing of the Guard.  And of course my dad took tons of pictures of me, my mom and himself next to the Beefeaters.  Most of all, I remember what everyone else has pretty much resonated so far in their reviews: crowds, crowds, crowds and MORE crowds...!
I recently came back from a European vacation...one of my first stops was Buckingham Palace...

POSITIVES:
-Such a beautiful area around London....extremely clean atmosphere compared to Southern California, USA! haha!

-It was surreal for me to check out this place in person!

-the water fountain in front of it is such a beautiful place to take vacations pics.

NEGATIVES:
-yes...the CROWD sucks! Way too many people all over.

-sometimes you have to wait a while to see the guards actually move.

FINAL THOUGHTS:
-When I arrived here, I was F'n tired and I wanted to lay down at a hotel, but our tour guide made us go to different places as soon as we freakin landed in London! JETLAG AND ALL! ahhh, so at that time that I went to Buckingham Palace, I was tired as hell.
One of the best spots to see the parade is at the top of the stairs of the Queen Victoria Memorial, across the street from the gates, or just to the side of the memorial.  The Royal Guards in their bright, ornate red uniforms, mounted on their horse would march by one side and the band would march by on the other side and both will meet at the gates and then march into the courtyard.  After the changing of the guards, the military will march out, followed by the Royal Guards.  They march down the main street together, such pagentry!  After the crowds have dispersed, you can get closer to the gates to take pictures in front of it and gawk at the new guard standing inside the courtyard.

There are no bathrooms in the area, you have to cross the street into St. James Park for the public bathrooms, if they're opened.  Around the corner from the palace, is a gift shop where you can purchase Buckingham Palace souvenirs.
Didn't get inside the palace, but I did get to see the changing of the guards.  It sucks if you are short because it really is hard to see all the pomp and circumstance.  It was Queen's birthday, so we also go to see the guards practice parading.  It was cool to see some of the guards playing musical instruments while riding their horses.  Maybe if I got to see the State Rooms, my opinion of the palace would go up.
of all of the palaces I have visited over the years, this one is not the most impressive....I much prefer Versailles, Schonbrun and even the White House.  Having said that, watching the change of the guard is beautiful and the Palace's proximity to the park is fun!
Anyone who has had friends or family visit London for the first time and expect any degree of hands-on tour guiding is surely familiar with the implacable appeal of this dull piece of property. I have to believe that Buckingham Palace is by far the least distinguished of all of Their Royal Highnesses residences, especially in the rear along the side of Buckingham Palace Road. If one can blink through the haze of Changing of the Guard-crazed tourists one catches the occasional glimpse of a lovely enough abode, but one can also easily see why they tend to stay away. Not that I wouldn't happily take up residence there. It might certainly beat Shadwell.
i didnt not see the big deal of this place.  What I did hear was more languages spoken than I ever heard in one time.

Taking pictures is hard bekuz alot of people are doing the same thing.

didnt care about changing of the guard... did like how they walked guarding their area though.

Besides it being what it is, it was okay in my book.
I was lucky enough to be in town during August and September when The Queen is staying at Balmoral Castle during her annual visit to Scotland. During this time the nineteen state rooms at the Buckingham Palace are open to visitors. One must book a time for a tour and it's not cheap I think it was about $30 USD per person with the exchange rate last time we went (would be a little better now I'm sure).  It's an audio headsets tour that gives a nicely paced background on each room and explains all the artwork and the more unusual furniture and architectural features. The end of the tour lets out onto the gardens where you can take your time strolling toward the back gates to leave.
5 stars for the grandeur of the whole place. expect nothing less from the palace of the queen of england. if you're into landmarks and architecture, it's a must see.
I'm a total dork. Every time I go to London, I want to come here to catch a glimpse of another Queen Bee. And of course, I imagine that this is my house and I have lots of hot men in uniform outside my house, doing formations and stuff, just for me. The guards are cool, and I'm a sucker for the pagentry. The best part, though, are the St. James gardens, the approach to the palace - which are beautiful.
My girlfriend and I went there to see the changing of the guards ceremony.  You have to get there early because it will be packed with other tourist.  It was ok, but not really much to look at after awhile.
Great to see it in-person.  Do the tourist stuff. It is worth it.
This place is likely one, in most folk's minds, a quintessential piece of stereotypical London right along with the double decker buses, bobbies, Tower of London, and the statue of guinea fowl that is located in JK0-ing.  This is probably thanks to the changing of the guards.  

If you ever go to the changing of the guards, expect a sea of tourists.  No matter what your connections to Moses, this is one sea you won't be able to part.  The change occurs with a bit of pomp and a bit of fanfare and general rah rah, but it is not a life altering event.  

The palace itself is really big, like a woolly mammoth in a room full of prarie dogs.  There's little else around to challenge its dominance, but frankly my dear, I don't give it many stars (or a damn) because there are better buildings to be seen in the city.

I think it a prettier sight to throw amorous glances (or just plain bread) at the graceful geese in nearby St. James Park.
I was not impressed with this. But if your into the Royal Family then it might be good. I just don't think you get to see enough for your BUCK/OR POUND.
This is the garden party of the year and the best to be invited to. I went a few years ago and it was spectacular. It was hosted by The Queen. The experience starts as soon as you queue up with tourists taking photographs of all the invitees. You then enter the Palace and into the garden which is laid out with a number of marquees and two military bands playing. In the marquees there are sandwiches and small cakes on offer along with tea, coffee and home made lemonade. After everybody has eaten, the royal family enter the gardens and meet and greet people who are chosen from the crowd.


 It was a privilege to be invited to this great event and The Queen was a great host.
The home of Royalty, how awesome is that! You are greeted by gold and black  wrought iron gates that have huge gold details that do not do justice till you see it in person! I was lucky enough to be able to catch the last few hours of a walk through tour which gave you access to the grand entrance the grand hall and good amount of other rooms in the palace! Must do if given the chance!
weiss auch nicht warum, aber buckingham palace ist mein favorisiertes ziel, in dreams and real. nicht nur für touristen spannend..
As impressive as the changing of the guard can be- with all of the pomp and anticipation leading up to the actual event- it can be quite a let down considering it is nearly impossible to get a decent view of things.
After it all happens one feels if nothing else- a bit let-down for basically watching a bunch of well costumed army men march around and shout out orders.  I personally felt a bit embarrassed being there with the rest of the tourists (hearing my countrymen say in only the way us obnoxious Americans can do with our loud booming voices, things like "Where can we get a good picture of us on those horses in those stupid costumes?" and "Why don't they drive out the queen every couple of hours so that we can at least get pictures of her car?").
Being the tourist magnet it is- don't eat or buy much around here at all if you can help it.  Also- make sure you at least stroll a bit through St. James park.  
Three-stars mainly for what it is, which is a gorgeous building with a ton of history- but not anything I would ever do again if I could help it.
Expect crowds of people outside the gates with everyone flashing their cameras. Plenty of white steps and grand statues to sit and eat, people watch, read a paper or book, meet up with a friend, etc. If you plan it right, you can watch the changing of the guard and see the grand performance, but don't expect to get any good pictures of them, unless you wait till before or after the performance or at other locations such as the Wellington Barracks or St. James' Palace.
This is one of the must see's in London and perhaps the world. Not too sure why people give it bad ratings and bash it, it's a historical attraction, of course you're not going to get amusement park entertainment. It's about seeing the one of a kind sights and being in such a magnificant and historical building. The staff are all very friendly and helpful with questions, the tour offers a complimentary audio guide and lasted quite some time with amusing facts. The changing of the guards was really fantastic, although it can get crowded. Only downside is no photographs were allowed inside the building like many of the other London attractions, but perhaps that is a good thing as such a place is best experienced while being there and not through a picture you see on the internet.
I felt like the palace is an overrated tourist spot, but it's a must visit when you come to England since it is the home of royalty. I would recommend Windsor Castle instead. It's weird to yelp someone's home, but since it is a tourist spot... try to find out when the changing of the guards occurs so that you're not stuck there seeing a building and stone cold people.
I am not comfortable among the crowd of tourists here because I think I'd get pickpocketed.  I'm too short to get a good view of the Changing of the Guard.  Its a nice walk from getting a ticket to see the palace.  The art inside is good.  You can get a better view of the interior by watching the documentary series The Royalty at Work.
When my wife asked me what I wanted for *sure* to do when in London, the only damn thing I could think of was.. "Well, the changing of the guards at Buckingham Palace.." Well, not very original.. but we decided to put it on our itinerary.. and thus turned up at the front gates of Buckingham Palace... along with the thousand or so *other* first-time visitors to London who had the same idea.. We got there early so had position along the fence that gave us a clear view of the courtyard, but not a particularly close-up view of most the ceremony... Get yourself positioned on the Northeast side of the courtyard rather than the Southeast side like we did. .. Close to the front gates if possible so you can see the relieving group and their band come marching in. Even tho we're looking at the guardsmen.. Looks like the real actual security at the Palace is being handled by the Police who scurry about in their kevlar vests, control the crowds, man the security phones, open the gates to admit the relief soldiers and other visitors into the courtyard. But the soldiers, especially the bearcaps certainly look impressive and sharp. During the changing ceremony, the band plays a little bit of pomp, a little bit of Beatles, some Broadway musical themes.. and .. the theme from the "Good, Bad, and Ugly.."
