What a huge disappointment. I went into this with an open mind and left frustrated and annoyed. There were a few moments that made me chuckle, and I absolutely loved the intro scene, to the point that I turned to my gf and said "if the restWhat a huge disappointment. I went into this with an open mind and left frustrated and annoyed. There were a few moments that made me chuckle, and I absolutely loved the intro scene, to the point that I turned to my gf and said "if the rest is like that I will be soooo happy, that was awesome!". Unfortunately it was not. The plot was absolutely terrible, the forced cameos were completely unnecessary and the ending was horrendous. The actresses were a bit of a split bag, Melissa Mcarthy and Leslie Jones were actually the funniest out of the bunch, which I was not expecting. The trailers showed Leslie Jones character to be a stereotypical sassy black woman, when instead she played very similar to the originals Winston Zeddemore. Kristen Wigg was ok, however Kate McKinnon's "wacky" character grated from the very start, feeling very forced and irritating. I really am still scratching my head over a lot of the plot trying to understand it. Overall this was a below average, poorly written movie that actually showed some potential but couldn't get past the awful plot.… Expand A giant disappointment from many extremely talented people.  From the moment that this new cast was announced and Director Paul Feig was brought on board I was excited about this film.  I like all the female leads in this film and IA giant disappointment from many extremely talented people.  From the moment that this new cast was announced and Director Paul Feig was brought on board I was excited about this film.  I like all the female leads in this film and I especially love them working with Feig.  From Bridesmaids to The Heat to Spy, Paul Feig really knows how to direct all female casts.  Unfortunately he fails to deliver with Ghostbusters, a horribly unfunny waste of time.  I've seen worse in 2016 but I haven't seen anything as disappointing.  D… Expand Like Total Recall and Robocop, Sony tries to reboot another 80´s classic and fails again, if you have seen those movies, you have seen Ghostbusters, once again the problem with this reboot like his two counter parts is that it competes with aLike Total Recall and Robocop, Sony tries to reboot another 80´s classic and fails again, if you have seen those movies, you have seen Ghostbusters, once again the problem with this reboot like his two counter parts is that it competes with a timeless classic a lighting in a bottle movie that is still remember and doesn’t bring anything new, like the two reboots mention before, all the personality, charm, and over the top humor that made those films memorable is gone in the name of Political Correctness and the almighty PG-13 Rating, the cast tries and fail constantly because of a scrip that fallows the doom steeps of the Spiderman reboot (Another Sony film), and is more focus on creating a franchise than telling a contain history, from time to time the movie shows some glimpses of potential, but then a cameo of the old cast appears to remind you that the 84 classic cannot be top by this reboot, Paul Feig tries and fails to make this movie a Jurassic World or a Force Awakens, but those movies appeal was that they please the fans and brought new characters to their establish universes ; But what can I expect from a man that claims that all Ghostbusters fans are misogynist man babies? His mistake, he confuse homage with cameos, the Bill Murray is specially painful to watch, you can almost see the gun of a Sony Executive pointing to his head, but lets talk about the elephant in the room, the gender politics behind this movie, because apparently, Aliens 1 and 2, Terminator 1 and 2, Harry Potter, Hunger Games, Twilight, Sex and the City, The Divergent, Force Awakens, Frozen,  the endless romantic comedies that are release during the year, the barrage of Disney movies with strong female leads and the strong female characters in super hero like Black Widow doesn’t exist, or so be told by the marketing department of Sony, for a movie that claims that women are better in everything, their treatment of male characters is poor to say the least, all of them are dumb, jerks, evil and in the case of Chris Hemsworth over sexualize; Excuse me but this is not the thing that feminist complain they do to female characters in movies? So why they are doing this in what is call “The most progressive blockbuster of the year”? And don’t get me started on the fact that the only lead female character that doesn’t have a diploma is black , I will let that pass in any other movie, but because Ghostbusters (2016) claims equality in every turn, I cannot do that, especially when I have seen what women in the director chair have done in movies like Zero Dark Thirty and Deep Impact in regards of character development, this movie fails on every level, as a Reboot, as a comedy, even as a political statement, for a movie that is all about catching ghost, this film has no soul.… Expand Against my better judgement i did actually watch this cash grab... all i can say is shame on everone involved, and shame on the politically correct critics who were afraid of a sexism backlash if they reviewed this one honestly... either thatAgainst my better judgement i did actually watch this cash grab... all i can say is shame on everone involved, and shame on the politically correct critics who were afraid of a sexism backlash if they reviewed this one honestly... either that or they were paid well!… Expand I loved the original when I was a kid, and was pretty hyped for this one despite the haters.While the actresses are ok and the CGI, while plenty, are not too bad, there is a huge problem : it's absolutely not funny.
The writing isI loved the original when I was a kid, and was pretty hyped for this one despite the haters.While the actresses are ok and the CGI, while plenty, are not too bad, there is a huge problem : it's absolutely not funny. The writing is completely flat, delivery feels forced; it looked very amateurish; and after the first 10 minutes you realize you will be bored for the next hour and a half. Sorely disappointed...… Expand I hated to say it, but the haters got this one right.  Let me be clear, ripping on a film you haven't even seen is still a bit childish, but the movie is just awful.  I took my family to see it last night, and never in my life have I everI hated to say it, but the haters got this one right.  Let me be clear, ripping on a film you haven't even seen is still a bit childish, but the movie is just awful.  I took my family to see it last night, and never in my life have I ever seen an audience more stone-faced during a comedy.  It was a weird almost uncomfortable atmosphere. It doesn't work as a comedy targeted at adults; many of the jokes are beyond worn out and predictable.  The effects are cartoonish.  The film doesn't work as a family picture either.  Some of the humor actually pretty crude.  I can not recommend this for those with younger kids.  Throughout the entire film, i sat there wondering:  "Who exactly was the target audience for this?" My girls did not enjoy it, and I was bored out of my skull after about the first half.  The only redeeming thing for me was Wiig.  She was her usal offbeat, but charming self.  McCarthy was just awful.  Literally nothing redeeming about her performance.  Jones who is usually hilarious, was saddled with a bad script and some truly horrible lines.  McKinnon is just kind of there.  She was utterly forgettable.  The males in the movie don't fair much better.  Hemsworth hammed it up, but it was way over the top.  Even the usually solid Andy Garcia looked like he was phoning it in.   Cameos from some of the original cast members felt shoehorned in as well. All in all, I wanted to like this, hell I defended this, but it falls well short of the mark.  Save your money, and wait for it to hit the bargain bin.… Expand This turns out to be just a really bad movie and an insult to the Ghostbusters franchise. After all the years of Sony saying no to making a new Ghostbusters movie and when they finally decide to this is the result. The actors in this movieThis turns out to be just a really bad movie and an insult to the Ghostbusters franchise. After all the years of Sony saying no to making a new Ghostbusters movie and when they finally decide to this is the result. The actors in this movie just don't create the sort of chemistry and flow that made the original great. That being said it is also not their fault as they are not bad themselves. Kate McKinnon does a good job with what she has to work with as does Leslie Jones even though she is put into such a stereotypical character. I look forward to seeing these two in much better films. The writing in this film is just awful and in large the most atrocious part of this movie.  The male characters are horrible and other than Chris Hemsworth are completely forgettable. The cameos by the original cast are absolutely terrible and insulting. I did still enjoy Annie Potts but her cameo could have been much better to. There is just so much in this movie that makes no sense. In the first film since the Ghostbusters were new to this they basically destroyed the hotel with their proton packs just trying to catch Slimer but in this film they are all great shots somehow. The CGI overall was not very good and this movie seemed like it would have been better as a cartoon or a movie for kids. In the end Ghostbusters 2016 is just a bad movie and a cash grab that should have never happened like this. The blame falls on Sony, Amy Pascal, and Paul Feig for how this whole thing turned out. They should be ashamed of themselves and never allowed to touch something like this again. The worst part to me is that I think we could have gotten a good new Ghostbusters film but that would have required getting the right director and choosing the cast because they are right for these parts. Having women Ghostbusters is great but when you start out by making the qualifications for the part to simply be female and that's all that matters then you will never find a great cast capable of giving you that Ghostbusters magic. I wish Sony would have taken the time to do this right and make a great movie instead of worrying about politics and catering to the vocal minority. One last thing that needs to be mentioned is that Sony deleted the comments of a large number of women that were critical of this film to frame it as just men being sexist. Sorry Sony but if you respect women then you don't erase and silence the voices of those that don't agree with you.… Expand What happens when you take an original, funny, timeless movie like Ghostbusters(1984) and reboot it, smear it with unfunny one liners, thinly veiled misandry, steal its scenes because you're creatively bankrupt and try to profit on its name?What happens when you take an original, funny, timeless movie like Ghostbusters(1984) and reboot it, smear it with unfunny one liners, thinly veiled misandry, steal its scenes because you're creatively bankrupt and try to profit on its name? You get Ghostbusters 2016: an insultingly bad cash grab  that tries to sell itself as an "upgrade" to the first film, while using gender politics to shield itself from any type of criticism. Don't waste your money.… Expand I have had more entertaining stomach flus. The entire movie felt so... desperate. They were desperate to seem funny, desperate to appeal to nostalgia, desperate to keep our attention. Their desperation become so obvious you begin to pityI have had more entertaining stomach flus. The entire movie felt so... desperate. They were desperate to seem funny, desperate to appeal to nostalgia, desperate to keep our attention. Their desperation become so obvious you begin to pity those involved in its creation.… Expand I was wondering what all the hype was about, with feminists calling this movie an ode to feminism and saying that anyone who hated it are misogynists. I now understand why so few people identify as feminist and why so many are against the movement. This movie was an ode to hatred of men and it is obvious that it's supporters were projecting their own sexism and chauvinism onto those who were speaking against this movie. The man-hating would have been bad enough, but add to that the fact that it just wasn't funny. At all. Ok, there were a few chuckles early on, but for the most part the theater was silent. Every man in the movie was either evil or idiotic, and their motivations were not really explained at all. It was very poor, lazy writing that made it clear that the writers weren't aiming to make a good movie, they were just aiming to cash in on apparent feminist vitriol against men and boys. Speaking of, the writing was just horrible. There was none of the wit that we saw with the original, and many parts of the movie didn't even make any sense. Especially when it came to the special effects - it's like the actors and writers never communicated with the CGI team and didn't know what was going to be on the screen. For example after the possessing ghost  visibly leaves the Ghostbuster right in front of your face, why continue to hit her? For the slap-stick comedic effect? It might have been funny if it made sense to do that, but it came off as just stupid. And speaking of the CGI... there were parts that weren't too bad, mediocre even, but the end when the antagonist turns onto the "Ghostbuster's" logo, it looks like something out of a Disney cartoon, which looked really out of place and, well, lazy. And of course they have to put the icing on the misandry cake by shooting the antagonist in the crotch with their proton beams. The worst part was what hey did to Bill Murray. You can tell he didn't want to be there, and they treated his character horribly. It makes me wonder how they forced the actor to participate, which leads me to wonder if the other actors from the original were there under duress as well. This movie was so horribly disrespectful to the original movie as well as all of the fans of the original, and to the audience as a whole, I have a hard time believing that the actors of the original were happy with what was being done to the franchise. It's as infuriating as it is sad. As we were leaving the theater, the looks on the faces of those around me were looks of bewilderment. Why would Sony sign off on what amounted to a kick in the collective crotch of the audience? Do man-hating feminists really have so much power in our society that they can now browbeat movie executives into cow-towing to their political agenda? Now I understand why there is a growing number of people who identify as anti-feminist. This movie, and the way that Sony and feminists have bullied anyone who spoke out against the movie and its trailers, convinces me that "anti-feminist" is not only a preferable label, but one that is becoming increasingly necessary.… Expand As much as I hate to say it - Ghostbusters was a disappointment. Apart from the absolutely incredible visual effects, which were stunning, it lacked all the wit, character, comedy, emotion and sharply written dialogue that make, not only theAs much as I hate to say it - Ghostbusters was a disappointment. Apart from the absolutely incredible visual effects, which were stunning, it lacked all the wit, character, comedy, emotion and sharply written dialogue that make, not only the original movies, but also the IDW comics, TV series (both Extreme and The Real) and the 2009 video game such a joy to consume. As is the hipster thing to do at the moment -to paint anyone who doesn't like this film as a sexist- I can tell you I have no problem with a female cast, in fact it may interest you to know that my favourite Ghostbuster of all time is Kylie Griffin, a (shock) girl!! For those of you that don't know her or Eduardo, Roland or Garrett I suggest you save yourself a tenner and watch some Extreme Ghostbusters, a series that does what a multimillion dollar film couldn't - simultaneously pay homage and respect to the original iterations whilst further steering the franchise in new and interesting directions. It's easy to say 'don't judge it based on what has come before', but if you didn't want it compared to things in the very same franchise simply don't call your movie Ghostbusters. At the end of the day Ghostbusters 2016 is a hollow cash grab designed to prey on nostalgia just to make a quick buck. This is more Transformers than Mad Max.There are far better ways to bust ghosts… Expand A Terrible, Unfunny, Man-Hating Mess Heralded by the most disliked trailer in YouTube history, and an embargo on reviews until pretty much the day of release by a panicked Sony Studios, the "Heaven's Gate" of supernatural horror comedies is finally here, and what a terrible, unfunny, man-hating mess it is.… Expand Sat through it last night because wife wanted to. Words fail me at just how awful this is. It is literally Pixels with Women. People keep praising Hemsworth and McKinnon. I have no idea why. Thor boy plays a moron. A complete and utter moron.Sat through it last night because wife wanted to. Words fail me at just how awful this is. It is literally Pixels with Women. People keep praising Hemsworth and McKinnon. I have no idea why. Thor boy plays a moron. A complete and utter moron. It that's your thing go watch some old Mel Brooks movies and look for Teri Garr. That's Hemsworth in this. Shallow and stupid. And McKinnon? She's like a random clown thrown in to distract you from realizing just how awful and souless this mess is. Look! Jangly Keys!!! she is comepletely insanely random. She would work better in a Monty Python sketch. It's like she is channeling all Three Stooges in one body, at their most annoying. I suspect they accidentally gave her an old script for "Tank Girl" and nobody bothered to correct it. But at least she has and is a character. Which cannot be said of the rest of the cast. I can't believe any critic with ethics or a soul is giving this dumpster fire of a movie a mid to high grade. Just save your money. Take your family to see the Pets movie. Again if needed. Don't subject your poor daughters to this mess in order to empower them. They deserve better.… Expand Ghostbusters 2016 doesn't understand what made the original special, and even fails to be entertaining on its own merits by constantly trying to emulate the original while failing. Wiig's and McCarthy's characters come across as blandGhostbusters 2016 doesn't understand what made the original special, and even fails to be entertaining on its own merits by constantly trying to emulate the original while failing. Wiig's and McCarthy's characters come across as bland compared to their usual roles. McKinnon's is annoyingly weird. Jones' character is a straight up loud racial stereotype. The only character that works most of the time is Hemsworth's, but it's not enough to save this movie. The plot weak and uninteresting, something that seemed to have been haphazardly thrown together for the movie rather than something crafted with care, so much so in fact that the movie's own self contained logic gets thrown to the wind at points. The original Ghostbusters made the implausible seem plausible, and took an absurd premise while playing it straight. Ghostbusters 2016 takes cartoonish characters and inserts them into a poorly written plot with lowest common denominator penis-vagina-fart-piss joke humor I'd be ashamed to show to my kid. Verdict: This movie is neither worth a watch at the theaters or even an eventual rent. If you need Ghostbusters, stick to the original.… Expand I can't blame the four stars, they just wanted paychecks.  Sometimes you can tell, but for the most part they try and you can tell they at least get along and have fun together.  No one else does.  They repeat the same beats as the originalI can't blame the four stars, they just wanted paychecks.  Sometimes you can tell, but for the most part they try and you can tell they at least get along and have fun together.  No one else does.  They repeat the same beats as the original film to distraction, even bringing in embarrassing cameos.  I feel terrible for Bill Murray even though I'm sure he requested what happens in his scene after they contractually forced him to appear.  Aykroyd's cameo also jarred me and made me wish his character was in the film properly to send the new team off.  The movie shoves the producers agenda down your throat at all times right up until the finale which is a giant "kicked in the nuts" joke.  I left the theater feeling depressed and tired.  No one was laughing.  My friend insisted I had to go to the midnight showing because "no one else was."  The theater was empty and silent most of the film.  not a spoiler, but a joke about an "anti-Irish fence" is the only big laugh I remember and it was in the first five minutes.  The problem is no other jokes feel written.  All the other dialog was that meta, sarcastic sounding ad-libbing.  Where someone says a baby word or something and everyone else blinks like "wut?"  There's 2 HOURS OF THAT dressed up in shiny, cartoony effects that are flitting in and out in maximum irritating fashion.  It was an endurance trial when all I wanted was to laugh.  Now I'm just tired and annoyed.… Expand I enjoyed the new independence day more.... yeah this movie is that bad. Imagine if you tried kids humour.... but the humour that kids would not find funny because they dont understand it (lol queef jokes and shooting people in the dick)I enjoyed the new independence day more.... yeah this movie is that bad. Imagine if you tried kids humour.... but the humour that kids would not find funny because they dont understand it (lol queef jokes and shooting people in the dick) but adults wont find it funny because there not children. Honestly take your kids to see the secret life of pets instead.... god I wish I did.… Expand First things first, I've watched it and its mediocre at best, but knowing that they didn't even attempt to respect fans of the originals is what makes me dislike it more. They have basically taken the Paul Feig formula that he hasFirst things first, I've watched it and its mediocre at best, but knowing that they didn't even attempt to respect fans of the originals is what makes me dislike it more. They have basically taken the Paul Feig formula that he has established with the heat/spy and copy pasted Ghostbusters on top.So instead of making a ghostbusters for fans, they made a ghostbusters for fans of  Feig movies.Imagine if they made a Spy sequel and instead of using PF/MM they got new actors/director and made it with a totally different tone and humor? tell me then if you would be upset as a fan wanting more of the same.I have no problem with him making his films (i will never watch them) but ppl are entitled to enjoy what they like.I wished they would have thought about what GB is first, then tried to make a good movie that fans would enjoy.If it was good enough it would have found an audience, as well as pleasing existing fans. The whole racial/misogynist angle Feig and co have been using as a deflection is a joke. maybe 1% are real trolls and misogynist, but they cant honestly believe the other 99% are all **** with no real concerns.It annoys me the amount of disdain they had for real fans, why they felt they needed to stomp all over its legacy.Look at SWFA, while it had some problems Abrams really had respect for the fans. They looked closely at the originals and cast the original actors while writing 'NEW' characters. The lead being a women was great and she fit the part, was no misogyny fan blow back.  Its was a SW movie first and foremost.Fans could see a genuine effort was made, and while there was gripes, it was nothing to do with Daisy Ridley being cast. Bottom line, there is a PC SJW agenda in the media/hollywood at the moment (and gaming too)And they will claim its because they're progressive, but being this heavy handed, smacks of twisting the knife and **** stirring.If they genuinely had the best interests of female actors (all women in general) they would look to find the right people for each job, instead of shoehorning copy pasting. Overall, they only have themselves to blame for the way the Internet has hit out at the clumsy way they handled everything.Misogyny didn't make the GB trailer the most DV ever..........Colombia/Feig did.… Expand Even ignoring the fact that the original is a cinematic masterpiece, and the reboot is female comedy cash grab akin to Bridesmaids, Heat and Spy, a tonal shift that just does not belong in a grand remaking of a beloved iconic series,Even ignoring the fact that the original is a cinematic masterpiece, and the reboot is female comedy cash grab akin to Bridesmaids, Heat and Spy, a tonal shift that just does not belong in a grand remaking of a beloved iconic series, Ghostbusters deserves to bomb for being sexist towards males (i kid you not. Apparently that's a thing now. Just look at how the people involved label any and all haters who lob warranted criticism at their film "misogynists." The film itself carries the exact same attitude in plot, characters and theme. You know it's bad when Sony debut's the second trailer on facebook instead of youtube to avoid due criticism (which didn't work), then wine's and dine's most of the critics to make it look like the film's actually great when they know it's not, THEN start to hire these random youtubers and other media personnel to fake positive experiences with the movie and again shovel their "anyone who doesn't like the movie is sexist" response. No fans or potential fans deserve this treatment. We deserve better. Don't see Ghostbusters. Just wait till it comes to redbox.… Expand a remake/reboot no one asked for, this movie is utter garbage and suffers from bad acting,directing and writing. However it would make a good torture device just make someone watch it on a loop and youll get any info you need out of thema remake/reboot no one asked for, this movie is utter garbage and suffers from bad acting,directing and writing. However it would make a good torture device just make someone watch it on a loop and youll get any info you need out of them unless of course they kill them selves rather the suffer the garbage that is ghostbusters 2016… Expand I saw an early screening, ice age is a better movie than this (not a compliment)Awful acting , not chemistry between the cast (ironically hemsworth is the funniest one and steals the show).I have seen ps4 games with better fx than thisI saw an early screening, ice age is a better movie than this (not a compliment)Awful acting , not chemistry between the cast (ironically hemsworth is the funniest one and steals the show).I have seen ps4 games with better fx than this tripe. (think scooby doo movies green screen mess fx)Editing seems rushed and not organic at all.The cameos are cringe-worthy, I really fell sorry for the old cast that was forced to participate on this.Don't waste your money to "give it a try", wait for it on netflix.… Expand This is a criminal waste of potential on so many levels. The actors are given a script that makes everyone involved one dimensional stereotypes with minimal depth or development in any sense. The Movie comes across more of an long bad SNLThis is a criminal waste of potential on so many levels. The actors are given a script that makes everyone involved one dimensional stereotypes with minimal depth or development in any sense. The Movie comes across more of an long bad SNL skit than a proper film. The nonstop gags and jokes are for the most part are boring, crass, and feel like the writing team believed the audience was going to be entirely 12 year old children. There are countless pointless scenes and important plot points are rarely explained, if at all. The actors have no chemistry together and the screenplay has them be complete idiots most of the time. The only reason that they would be considered the protagonists in any sense of the word, is that the movie differentiates them from the other idiots in the film by having lead quartet actually be right from time to time. The trailers to this film already give all the big plot points away as well as the only funny jokes.  For all the complaints that negative criticism the trailer got are mysoginistic, this film's portrayal of the cast is far more guilty of mysoginism than any criticism of the trailers got. The lead four are so stereotyped that your hopes for characters that are complex and believable are sunk to rock bottom at the start of the film and never recover. There is also a persistant, anti male message through out the whole film as well, in terms of jokes, characters and even how they beat the antagonist. All in all, A horrible waste of time, money and more damaging to Womens' equality in film making than any other film in the last 20 years.… Expand An awful mess. Don't see it, don't give them your money. Should've just been a SNL Skit. Talented actresses, but everything falls flat. Everything is wiped clean from the real Ghostbusters.

Replaced good writing & comedy withAn awful mess. Don't see it, don't give them your money. Should've just been a SNL Skit. Talented actresses, but everything falls flat. Everything is wiped clean from the real Ghostbusters. Replaced good writing & comedy with mile-a-minute jokes that don't land. Constantly hating on men and shows men in a negative light. Men characters act absolutely dumb. Absolute garbage. The original worked because of the great writing. The writing is just not present here. Only memorable moment is the "from the front" fart joke. And that's because it's so bad.… Expand They did not understand what made the original two movies good.Bad characters, braindead humor, silly effects, and a very badly written story.Instead of paying for this movie, rather play the video game from 2009, because unlike thisThey did not understand what made the original two movies good.Bad characters, braindead humor, silly effects, and a very badly written story.Instead of paying for this movie, rather play the video game from 2009, because unlike this movie, the game actually respected Ghostbusters and it's fans.… Expand Not sure how this is getting positive reviews, other than paid people by Sony to do it. This movie was garbage. It is ironic because Sony was accusing all of the people criticizing the movie to be just misogynists. This was one of the most misandrist movies I've ever seen. Every male in the movie was an idiot, a bad guy or a complete jerk. The final boss was even killed by being shot in the "privates" which are assumed that he is a male. The cameos were disrespectful to the old cast and I would more compare it to the cartoon version, rather than the original 1984 film. There were a few funny moments, but that was lost due to overdone stereotypes, such as the "angry black woman with attitude"....very overdone effects and the film doesn't even follow its own rules in regards to how the ghosts are dealt with. Trust me on this...don't see it, wait for redbox or netflix.… Expand One of the worst movies I've seen in my life, I didn't think I would ever say something like that about a film with Melissa McCarthy. Horrible. The plot is pathetic, the characters are shallow and exaggerated, the dialogue and jokes areOne of the worst movies I've seen in my life, I didn't think I would ever say something like that about a film with Melissa McCarthy. Horrible. The plot is pathetic, the characters are shallow and exaggerated, the dialogue and jokes are incredibly bad. The only thing not bad about this movie are the actors, which doesn't matter very much since the characters they portray are horrible. Disgusting excuse of a movie.… Expand This was pretty bad.  I was really bored overall and really had nothing of the magic of the original.  Cameo appearances were nice but would have been better if they were the original characters.  My wife and daughter enjoyed it a lot.  ItThis was pretty bad.  I was really bored overall and really had nothing of the magic of the original.  Cameo appearances were nice but would have been better if they were the original characters.  My wife and daughter enjoyed it a lot.  It seems to be favorable among some women so I recommend it for a date night.  The writing is really really weak.… Expand It's beginning to look like Christmas, at least for all the "professional" critics who may be getting a nice bonus in order to give this "movie" a good review. The quick review: This is not "The Heat", this is "Scooby-Doo the Movie"(liveIt's beginning to look like Christmas, at least for all the "professional" critics who may be getting a nice bonus in order to give this "movie" a good review. The quick review: This is not "The Heat", this is "Scooby-Doo the Movie"(live action) with the worst jokes from "Spy". Unfortunately for the cast there's no Sandra Bullock this time to keep the movie afloat. The sad part:  It's unbelievable how Magazines and TV channels can publish/broadcast such blatant attempts to please their Hollywood overlords. I understand that some people may like the kind of "humour" portrayed in the movie, I personally find it repugnant, but to give this movie an 8 or 9 out of 10 or an A/A- is just a disgrace for the reviewers and their employers. Some of the worst like Mark Kermode from the BBC who in his review you can see struggles to find something positive to say about the movie even implies that people who don't like the movie are "misogynists" right off the bat . How can someone like that clown be allowed to work on TV?… Expand Not trying to jump onto the hate bandwagon here, but this is seriously one of the worst films I've seen in a long time. Cringe worthy and nearly unwatchable. A barbaric mishandling of a franchise. And it has nothing to do with the gender ofNot trying to jump onto the hate bandwagon here, but this is seriously one of the worst films I've seen in a long time. Cringe worthy and nearly unwatchable. A barbaric mishandling of a franchise. And it has nothing to do with the gender of the cast, but everything to do with the director/producer/screenwriters. The reviews that say 'Oh its not the bad' or 'Give it a chance, its pretty good' are completely out of touch. It's sad really. Hopefully the reboot the franchise again, go back to doing a sequel/canon continuation and GIVE IT TO A DIFFERENT FILMMAKER!!! The only other option is to just let it die. This film is soooooo bad, I'm kinda leaning towards the ladder. PROS:-the 3D is pretty good-the music score is okay.-Chris Hemsworth is hilarious, albeit completely inappropriate and out of context for this kind of film CONS:-literally everything else!! In closing...this film is horrid and quite possibly the worst film of 2016. Avoid. If you're dying of curiosity, wait until Netflix or Redbox. Seriously. Save your money. It's not worth it.… Expand Ugh. Ghostbusters (1984) was a light-hearted sci-fi picture featuring the right balance of comedy, action, creep and drama. The iteraction between the original cast and the ambiance of the film set by the music and pacing was masterful.Ugh. Ghostbusters (1984) was a light-hearted sci-fi picture featuring the right balance of comedy, action, creep and drama. The iteraction between the original cast and the ambiance of the film set by the music and pacing was masterful.Sadly, Ghostbusters (2016) has none of these things.  The cast has no cohesion, the special effects are out of control, and the film feels souless and ill conceived.  Most of the performances (from actors who have proved their worth in other films) are hollow and without connection. Save your friday night for another film.  This one is a rent or wait-for-HBO.… Expand Take a female producer that replaced the original director out of spite, a new director that was bullied into making the film and who demanded full control without the producers interfering, man hating writers that don't understand the sourceTake a female producer that replaced the original director out of spite, a new director that was bullied into making the film and who demanded full control without the producers interfering, man hating writers that don't understand the source material and are genuinely bad at their jobs and a cast that's ad lib-ing through the whole movie while trying to do a decent job.Add completely overdone special effects and bad timing to the mix and you get mediocre movie that isn't even bad enough to be funny.Save your money for a movie that won't bore you to tears while preaching "girl power!" and "men are all stupid and/or complete a*holes!" to you.… Expand I reviewed this on IMDB too: Don't listen to a lot of the professional critics on this one, I suspect some are happier as their wallets are a little heavier after giving this a 'good' review, while playing it safe to appease the crowds. But their lack of honesty then requires real viewers to be honest in their observations and write about it. Some of the issues with this film: - The Characters - They are often too over the top, especially Kate Mckinnon, she becomes very annoying very fast, like a 13 year old trying to be funny. Kristen Wiig plays it less goofy but her issue is she looks like she doesn't want to be here at all. Chris Hemsworth provided a few 'bright' spots but certainly not enough. Leslie Jones was OK when she was not yelling, but she does this too frequently, it feels like a stereotype. - The Script/Jokes - Far too many rapid 'jokes', many miss and the standard is low throughout. Too many gross out, immature gags that often are just a cover for a lack of good writing. - Excessive Noise, Color - This whole movie is very noisy, ugly and in your face, they didn't say you can get a free headache with the price of your ticket too. - Reeks of a Feminazi Message - I love women, but I hate feminazis and the often hateful message they spread. Certain scenes are for sure geared towards this malicious group - such as the shooting the villain in the crotch, castration, to 'save the day', good message for kids there... - Runtime - I was checking the time throughout, it is overlong and the pacing is off, too many needlessly long scenes. Overall: The original Ghostbusters (and to an extent the OK Ghostbusters 2) had a subtle humour, this film is the opposite of that. Even if it wasn't a Ghostbusters film it still would be very bad, but to hijack the name of a great franchise to get your movie more popularity, that makes it worse. I was almost tempted to ask for my money back at the cinema afterwards, but then I knew what I was getting into as the trailers were everywhere, so I didn't, I did this to myself. --- So unless you too want to have the same feeling of being robbed after walking out of the cinema, I would highly recommend spending your hard earned money on another movie.… Expand I feel dirty for several reasons after watching this. First, because by paying to watch it, I've contributed to this becoming a "thing" which will see sequel after sequel. Second, because I felt my intelligence insulted by the sheer stupidityI feel dirty for several reasons after watching this. First, because by paying to watch it, I've contributed to this becoming a "thing" which will see sequel after sequel. Second, because I felt my intelligence insulted by the sheer stupidity of the story and 'jokes', for want of a better word. And third - and most importantly - I now feel like I'll be made out to be a sexist for hating it, which is ridiculous. Ghostbusters 2016 is an awful movie. It makes no attempt whatsoever to be coherent in its narrative, the jokes all misfire - I mean every single one of them, queef jokes included. The effects are straight out of Eddie Murphy's Haunted Mansion (for the uninitiated to that trainwreck of a movie, that means the effects are bad!) and it is a money-grubbing pander-fest from start to finish. Most galling of all, the movie is out and out offensive. It's amazing to me that a movie that stood it's ground and called itself progressive, wanting to put women forward as strong role models in leading roles in movies... ends up giving the women here cookie cutter, dumb as a post characters that don't evolve or do anything meaningful throughout the entire thing. This is meant to be 'empowering' for women? Really? Is this what you girls want to hang up and go, "yeah, this is girl power!" Really?!?! The men in the movie are portrayed as blithering idiots, and just exist to make sexist jokes out of. Not one character has any semblance of realism about them - not once did I think, "this is what a character would believably do in this situation." Not once. It has none of the horror aspects of the originals in this movie series - in fact, apart from calling itself Ghostbusters, it has nothing whatsoever to do with the licence. This is a sketch show, dragged over an hour and a half, with amateur writing, direction and effects, which just completely misses the mark. It's just bad joke after bad joke - not once did it even raise a smirk; all it got out of me was a constant look of pure astonishment that a team largely made up of the one that brought us the excellent Bridesmaids can come up with pure diarrhea such as this. Too many people pitched themselves to a political post with this one - too many people lambasted the bastardisation of a beloved franchise simply to make a feminist point, and conversely too many people lambasted men for being sexist pigs. The truth is both sides were wrong to do so; as this movie isn't worth the effort either way. This was a cynical cash grab, aiming to milk money out of feminists, who deserve much more effort and thought going into projects like this, so we can truly see progressive, strong movies and other media with well thought out and admirable female characters. But I'm a sexist for thinking this, right? Give me a break... The short story on this - if you want to see a good movie, avoid this one like the plague.… Expand Watching a feminist movie isn't a problem for me... But, who wrote this movie? Everything is so mixed up and out of order, some random jokes (and pretty bad jokes by the way) three battles against the ghosts and BAM it's over.... But, theyWatching a feminist movie isn't a problem for me... But, who wrote this movie? Everything is so mixed up and out of order, some random jokes (and pretty bad jokes by the way) three battles against the ghosts and BAM it's over.... But, they couldn't stop there, instead of doing something different (because all the movie stars are women) they did the same style as they were man instead....… Expand It's not that this movie didn't reach my expectations, it's that I had no expectations to begin with. I walked in with zero hope for this movie thinking it would be absolute **** and somehow it was worst than I thought it would be. TerribleIt's not that this movie didn't reach my expectations, it's that I had no expectations to begin with. I walked in with zero hope for this movie thinking it would be absolute **** and somehow it was worst than I thought it would be. Terrible acting, unnecessary jokes that make no sense, worst pacing in a movie, and a complete disrespect to the name GhostBusters. The originals were amazing, but this one is just a disgrace.… Expand Fu*c*ng awful. There is a place in hell where this film is shown over and over again for sinners. Nearly every joke falls flat. Fart humor throughout, CGI overload and a complete rape of the original concept. I'd Rather rip out my own eyesFu*c*ng awful. There is a place in hell where this film is shown over and over again for sinners. Nearly every joke falls flat. Fart humor throughout, CGI overload and a complete rape of the original concept. I'd Rather rip out my own eyes whilst performing heart removal surgery on myself without anesthetic than sit through watching this pile of dung again.… Expand Bad acting, bad CGI, bad plot, bad jokes, bad soundtrack, bad editing, and bad casting. I watched this film with an open mind, however by the end I was wishing I was a ghost... This is the worst film of 2016 by far and everyone involvedBad acting, bad CGI, bad plot, bad jokes, bad soundtrack, bad editing, and bad casting. I watched this film with an open mind, however by the end I was wishing I was a ghost... This is the worst film of 2016 by far and everyone involved should be thoroughly ashamed.… Expand Some things are better left untouched and this is one of them. Aside from the special effects which by modern day standards is nothing super spectacular it has neither the soul nor the charisma of it's predecessor. Even the younger generationSome things are better left untouched and this is one of them. Aside from the special effects which by modern day standards is nothing super spectacular it has neither the soul nor the charisma of it's predecessor. Even the younger generation found it so so. So sorry but it's a no for me.… Expand I have been skeptical of this film pretty much from the moment it was announced.  And that the trailers/marketing, that god-awful cover of the theme song, and especially the way the cast and crew painted everybody who dared  to say they wereI have been skeptical of this film pretty much from the moment it was announced.  And that the trailers/marketing, that god-awful cover of the theme song, and especially the way the cast and crew painted everybody who dared  to say they were skeptical as sexist trolls, didnt do much to dissuade that.  So needless to say, going in my expectations were about as low as as possible for a film. The good news is, its not AS terrible as I feared.  The bad news is, its still pretty terrible. The biggest problem with Ghostbusters, is that pretty much everything about the movie feels forced.  The jokes, the relationships between the four Ghostbusters, the winks and nods to the original, the characterization of the bad guy, the technobabble the big battle sequence at the end.  None of it felt genuine.  Pretty much everything in the film felt like ‘this is a movie, and this is whats supposed to happen in this movie.’ There’s far too much reliance on zany/wacky humor.  Theres very few quotable lines.  Certainly none that are as memorable as ‘tell him about the Twinkie.’  Or ‘Dogs and cats living together.’  I guess if like that style of humor(think Bridesmaids, but less crude), you might like the jokes in this film.  But its not my thing. The winks and nods to the original just dont work.  They’re not subtle enough to be overlooked(like in say, Total Recall), and pull you out from the movie, forcing you to think about the far superior original.  I’m not just talking about the cameos(which this film would be much better without), but also the way that certain scenes are almost shot-for-shot identical to scenes in the original. Its a bit of departure from a strict review, but I want to talk about the technobabble in this film.  Part of what made the original film so great was that Dan Aykroyd is a true-blue believer in the paranormal, and based the story and script on actual pseudo-scientific theories.  The result being that for a film about ghosts, it has a real feel of authenticity.  When terms that have their origin in pseudo-scientific circles are used in the film, feel like they are legitimate and being used in the proper way. In the remake though, it feels more like Paul Feig put a bunch of ‘science-y’ sounding words in a hat and drew them out randomly.  You know how in Star Trek, the plots are always solved by a series of giberish that sounds almost, though not quite like actual science?  Yea thats pretty much what Ghostbusters sounds like too.  It was annoying in Star Trek, but we put up with it for the otherwise interesting plots and characters, and this film is lacking in those departments. So there were good things about this film right?  Well yes.  Chris Hemsworth was pretty funny as the dopey secretary.  Pretty much all of the laughs of the film came from him, and he clearly had a LOT of fun playing the bad guy when his character got possessed.  In fact pretty much the entire cast really did seem to be enjoying shooting this film, although in  Kate McKinnon ’s her hi-jinks came across more annoying than endearing.  But still its just a shame  that this film wasnt better so you could enjoy it with them. TLDR:  Dont see this film.  I tried to warn you.… Expand Simply horrible. I decided to to see it before reading an reviews so I wouldn't go in biased and I'm floored that this tripe is currently at 60. Then again...no I'm not. It's depressingly obvious that the "top" reviews are horribly biased,Simply horrible. I decided to to see it before reading an reviews so I wouldn't go in biased and I'm floored that this tripe is currently at 60. Then again...no I'm not. It's depressingly obvious that the "top" reviews are horribly biased, desperately trying to prop up the militant feminist propaganda, which is the sole reason this movie was created. The entire movie suffered from the same drawback every political agenda driven movie does. So bent on simply pounding a cynical and divisive message into the audience, the movie's characters, plot, setting, scenery, script, and everything else is all secondary. It's all just support for the "message." And it all falls apart. The plot is boring, the characters are forgettable, the script is laughable, and it all just comes across as amateur fanfiction written by hateful feminist with an axe to grind.… Expand The chemistry isn't there. The jokes aren't funny. The editing and pacing takes you out of the movie and makes everything feel rushed. You never feel settled in to the movie too well. I thought it was unfortunate that a comedy film starring 4The chemistry isn't there. The jokes aren't funny. The editing and pacing takes you out of the movie and makes everything feel rushed. You never feel settled in to the movie too well. I thought it was unfortunate that a comedy film starring 4 comedic talents needed a comic relief. Aren't they all the comic relief? It's a comedy! Getting a non-comedic actor to be the comic relief is a little telling. He was probably the funniest one, though. This is worse than the Pink Panther remake. Comedies should NOT be remade.… Expand The movie is plain bad. A person would wonder why they even tried. The Ghostbusters were fine as they were, we did not need a new movie. The people who invested in this movie probably didn't understand the reason the first movies were good,The movie is plain bad. A person would wonder why they even tried. The Ghostbusters were fine as they were, we did not need a new movie. The people who invested in this movie probably didn't understand the reason the first movies were good, it was the actors, you can't put some random three nobodies and expect it to work. The jokes were awful and stupid, even worse than something from Adam Sandler. The CGI, weirdly, was beyond awful, just disgusting. This is offensive to the fans and to moviegoers, it feels like they made the Godfather 4 2016.… Expand Really one of the worst movies, ever.  Worse than the recent Independence Day sequel.  A careless insult to the many fans of the original in a lame attempt to cash in on man-hate, with horrible CGI, horrible acting, annoying characters (thatReally one of the worst movies, ever.  Worse than the recent Independence Day sequel.  A careless insult to the many fans of the original in a lame attempt to cash in on man-hate, with horrible CGI, horrible acting, annoying characters (that are all stereotypes), an incredibly intelligence-insulting plot and overall is just painful to sit through.  Irritated I was forced to sit through it with my girlfriend.  Don't waste your money.  Don't go to this movie.  Period.… Expand I think that if you were never that much into the ghostbusters concept in the first place (i.e., you don't care for the original movies and the animated series - which I think are really cool too), then you might have some fun with this 2016I think that if you were never that much into the ghostbusters concept in the first place (i.e., you don't care for the original movies and the animated series - which I think are really cool too), then you might have some fun with this 2016 version in the movie theater and will forget that you ever saw the movie when you wake up the next morning. To give this movie some credit, there are some funny moments that make you laugh, but the jokes here are more like bullets coming out of a machine gun and something like 15% hit the target while the others make you think "Why such a crappy line? Who forgot this one in the script?"The characters are bad ideas that became even worse realizations with the lame acts - they are pure cartoonish satires (whereas the original ones were quite sensible funny representation of real life archetypes.The special effects are terrible (looks like we are back to early 2000). Ghosts look like circus characters. And the story-line is just a lazy job.If I knew better, I would avoid watching it.… Expand Whereas the original's first 45 minutes are some of the funniest moments ever in cinema, the first hour of this slog was entirely NOT funny at all, unless you're a teenie bopper girl who actually believes Kristen Wiig is a decent actress andWhereas the original's first 45 minutes are some of the funniest moments ever in cinema, the first hour of this slog was entirely NOT funny at all, unless you're a teenie bopper girl who actually believes Kristen Wiig is a decent actress and that Melissa McCarthy is funny. McKinnon and Jones are the best of the bunch, and they're typically in the background.  This film used the cameos and the homages to the original to make it watchable, but it cannot stand on its own. Hemsworth was downright annoying! Thank goodness I was taken to this film as a treat, and I didn't have to spend a single penny on it.  It's best to grab it as a rental, or skip it altogether.… Expand Do you like movies that are sexist and racist? If so this movie is for you. Clearly everything about it is some individuals like Paul Feig (the director) pushing their agenda. Why didn't they have a cast of 2 men and 2 women instead? IDo you like movies that are sexist and racist? If so this movie is for you. Clearly everything about it is some individuals like Paul Feig (the director) pushing their agenda. Why didn't they have a cast of 2 men and 2 women instead? I went to the movie with my daughter, luckily I didn't have to pay as I had a promotional tickets. My 12 year old daughter didn't enjoy it, she said the vulgar unfunny jokes were too much. There is a queef joke in this movie.Every single male character in this movie is a dummy or and idiot, the black characters is the stereotypical obnoxious and loud black women. The cgi is worse than the 1984 ghostbusters movie, not sure how but it is. Don't waste your money on this, because it is one of the worst movies ever made. I'd say it's up there with united passions.… Expand I'm glad my overly eager friend paid for tickets to see this, because I would have walked out half an hour in and politely requested a refund otherwise. This just wasn't a good movie. I'm giving it a 1 versus a 0 only because it deliveredI'm glad my overly eager friend paid for tickets to see this, because I would have walked out half an hour in and politely requested a refund otherwise. This just wasn't a good movie. I'm giving it a 1 versus a 0 only because it delivered exactly on what the trailer promised - heavy mediocrity.… Expand Serious contender for worst movie of the year. The comedy was cringeworthy at best. The story was forgettable, absolutely no memorable moments like the Original and it's sequel had.No quoteworthy lines. I've seen straight-to-DVD movies makeSerious contender for worst movie of the year. The comedy was cringeworthy at best. The story was forgettable, absolutely no memorable moments like the Original and it's sequel had.No quoteworthy lines. I've seen straight-to-DVD movies make a better effort at producing quality entertainment. This is exactly as I thought it would be: a cheap cash-in on a cult classic aimed solely at making a quick buck off of it and nothing else.… Expand This Ghostbusters is an insult to the hit original that inspired a sequel and a reboot. What you should do is don't answer the call, find whoever started the idea of this reboot, and bring it down to the ocean. These women are already fine in their own major-leading movies, but bringing them together to star in this Ghostbusters movie insults the original's main stars (At least some of them made a cameo in this film). For once this movie didn't even try to surprise me and it didn't even made me feel like I'm in the fun compared to the original. At least the original movie is filled of fun, unlike this wannabe-jolly reboot. Don't even bother watching it. Now I know what you might be thinking, "Why didn't you give this a 6?" Why, that's a very good question. Everything lovable about the original Ghostbusters are either cameos or got taken away from this movie like "Paper Mario: Sticker Star" except it's worse than that game. (The game scored a 5 by me.) Everyone is not as lovable as they seem to be in the original movie. At least just give men some respect, jeez, it's not like they must be dumb and uncomfortable throughout most of the movie. Having the most disliked trailer on YouTube, it's only a matter of time before this film gets flamed by a lot of users. Sorry, critics, you can't stop me from hating on it. Saving the world takes Melissa McCarthy, corny jokes, no respect, and a lot of fire. Come on, Paul Feig, you produced "The Peanuts Movie" and you gave us this? That's a big shame of you. Have at it, Paul Feig, and give us a new movie to watch that's great and watchable.… Expand Well, rather than reviewing a movie without seeing it, I saw this production and there is absolutely no way any of the positive professional critics have seen the movie without being incentivised in a way or an other. The good aspects of theWell, rather than reviewing a movie without seeing it, I saw this production and there is absolutely no way any of the positive professional critics have seen the movie without being incentivised in a way or an other. The good aspects of the movie reside in the sets, the make up, the photography, the costume designer, the props. The bad aspects of the movie are the characters, storytelling, narrative, outcome, character development, editing, music. The music is uninspired, repetitive, and inappropriate in most of the situations, it does not help supporting the story or the action. The characters are stupid: their reactions are unreal, inappropriate (dancing like a 6 year old, making fart jokes like a teenager, putting a wig), the actors cannot even pronounce some of their lines (why trying to impress anyone with words you cannot pronounce correctly ? or throwing a list of keywords without any link between them. Ridiculous and annoying). The motivation of the key characters is stupid, non existent and contra intuitive: a receptionist with such a low IQ would probably be handled by a specialist in a adult centre, requiring pretty much constant supervision. The ghostbusters have no intrinsic motivation, no coherence and are dumb beyond redemption, they don't even catch more than a ghost. Their antagonist is equally stupid, he is the antithesis of any intelligent villain. The cameos make no sense, they add nothing to the story. The characters are not developed throughout the whole story. And probably the worst part of all is the editing, scenes are cut and stitched together in almost a random fashion (as if it is a series of small sketches stitched together as best as possible in the editing room), at some point in an action a shot is made at a completely irrelevant action performed by a secondary character, the cameos of course are present for servicing the producer (the fans? I do not think so) as they add no value to the story. It feels like a stutter, not a naturally flowing narration: this is a big problem created by the director I believe. Also, there is no direction: some parts are clearly poorly improvised, and these actors do not excel at improvisation. Oh, I forgot something: the jokes are lame, pathetic. They fall flat like the jokes told by a teenager who does not remember the punchline, there is no passion, no wit, no energy. This production is a very sad attempt to exploit a 30 year old idea for easy money, this pathetic movie deserves nothing more than a 0 and I hope that sony will stop using any of the people (in the upper management) behind this production.… Expand To get this out of the way at the beginning, yes this movie is bad. Real bad. However I then I have to ask the question: Does this movie deserve a 0. The answer to that, in my opinion, is no. The movie itself, while not a 100% completeTo get this out of the way at the beginning, yes this movie is bad. Real bad. However I then I have to ask the question: Does this movie deserve a 0. The answer to that, in my opinion, is no. The movie itself, while not a 100% complete beat for beat retread of the original movie story wise, still manages to offer no new story bits while managing to not even prevent obvious plot holes in its own retreaded narrative. While there are a few comedy bits that do land, most do not, and leave the audience just groaning at how bad they are. The CGI effects have been compared very unfavorably to the Eddie Murphy movie The Haunted Mansion, and I have to agree. The effects are not good and took me out of the movie. There was no suspension of disbelief, no feeling that what was appearing on the screen was anything other than fake. The question then becomes, if the movie is this bad, how do I score it? The only real positive I can give this movie is that I did not have to resort to alcohol to finish watching the movie. Because of that, and the problems I noted, the only possible score I can give this movie is a 2, which is the lowest possible score I can give to an alcohol free movie. This is no Dragonball Evolution or Double Dragon, but its dang close.It's a shame really. This movie could have been good. The terrible storyboarding and epically awful directing made sure it wasn't.… Expand Absolute trash. Disgrace to the original movie. There was even a queef joke in this movie. I never knew Sony could **** up this badly. I never wanted to hate this movie, but the trailers made so disgusted, and now having seen the film, I wishAbsolute trash. Disgrace to the original movie. There was even a queef joke in this movie. I never knew Sony could **** up this badly. I never wanted to hate this movie, but the trailers made so disgusted, and now having seen the film, I wish it was never created in the first place.… Expand As a huge fan of the original, I'm going to judge this as a Ghostbusters film (which is only fair as the studio is trading off the franchise), rather than a generic Hollywood Summer Blockbuster and well... I'm afraid that as a GhostbustersAs a huge fan of the original, I'm going to judge this as a Ghostbusters film (which is only fair as the studio is trading off the franchise), rather than a generic Hollywood Summer Blockbuster and well... I'm afraid that as a Ghostbusters movie, it stinks. It really stinks. I've read quite a lot of official reviews that say it's better than GB2, in what universe I ask you? GB2 had serious structural flaws compared to the first, there's no doubt, but its jokes and set pieces are still some of the most iconic of the franchise. Seeing as how no one who has made this claim has in any way tried to back it up, let me compare the two right here and now. First the baddies. Vigo vs Rowan. No contest, Vigo. Rowan is a terrible baddie, he'll be forgotten a few months after the Blu-Ray release, whereas Vigo is iconic and terrifying. So let's compare the good guys. GB2 relies on the magnificent chemistry between Murray, Aykroyd, Ramis and Hudson to drive it along and whatever the structural flaws, the chemistry is as strong as ever. Wiig, McCarthy, McKinnon and Jones do not share any chemistry, it's actually painful to see them on screen together. Even as individuals they fall far short of the original cast. If we take Wiig as an analogue to Murray, there's no contest; Murray gains a flawless victory. People are still quoting Venkman lines from GB2, "bummer", no one will be quoting Erin Gilbert in (nearly) 30 years time. The same is true for the rest of the cast head- to-head. To save time I'll just highlight the example of McKinnon, who I love on SNL, but couldn't bear in this movie. She's clearly the Egon character, but she phones it in, playing a generic 'kook' and going so over the top that it basically ruins half of the scenes that she's in. Again, McKinnon, like Wiig, has no funny or memorable lines such as 'lets see what happens when we take away the puppy' and her humour is weird for the sake of it, rather than the deadpan brilliance of the late Harold Ramis. The supporting characters are just regurgitated, worse versions of people from the originals, there isn't anyone who comes close to the creepy-comedy brilliance of Peter MacNichol's Janosz, one of the greatest, most iconic supporting characters in any comedy! So let's look at the structure and set pieces. If GB2 was structurally flawed, GB2016 "should be condemned", (see what I did there?) I don't want to spoiler the movie, so I'll keep to scenes and plot devices already revealed by the trailers. Firstly, the rock concert scene falls completely flat compared to the courthouse scene in GB2. The ghosts released by Rowan serve little purpose, look cheap and lack the comedy mischief of the ghosts in the original. Rowan's machine is a lazy cop-out and is in no way comparable to the absolutely terrifying and completely awesome river of slime flowing through the spooky abandoned subway. GB2 was all about creating some legitimate scares (Titanic docking!) and a feelgood factor which it did through some iconic set pieces. There is no feelgood factor to this new movie. It feels cheap in a nasty way and is surprisingly cynical for something that I've read is supposed to be aspirational in some way. I could go all day comparing the two but let's just say that GB2016 in no way measures up side by side to GB2. I suspect that the reason some reviewers are making that claim is to try and salvage something from this God-awful mess, so people will say 'hey, at least it's not the worst Ghostbusters movie.' It must be shilling because when you put all the elements of the two movies side-by-side, it's clear that despite its flaws, GB2 is simply better in every way than this lazy reboot. But here's the thing, my kid enjoyed it. He didn't like it as much as Ghostbusters, or even Ghostbusters 2, but he thought it was neat regardless. I think kids will like this film because it's flashy and the jokes are crude and obvious; adults who loved the subtle, dry wit of the original will probably be turned off by the listless, rehashed, gross-out humour and half-hearted performances. I have one more story to share that I think any parent might want to know before taking their child to see this film. When we came out of the cinema, my kid was in a funny mood that I've never seen him in before, half-hyped and half-pensive. I asked him if he was feeling alright and he said 'yeah', then there was this long pause and I could see him struggling with something. Eventually he turned to me and said, 'dad, when I grow up I want to be a lady'. I was pretty taken aback but I tried not to show it, instead I just said to him 'well you know you can be whatever you want to be sport; why do you want to be a lady, is it to be like the new Ghostbusters?'. And he just looked at me with eyes that seemed older than his years and said, 'no dad, it's because this film made me realise all guys are either stupid or evil, so it's better just to be a lady I guess...'… Expand This is an awful movie. Trashy cash grab. Whatever happened in 1980s Ghostbusters, is wiped clean here. There are no interesting male characters, and the female cast falls flat. The jokes simply aren't funny.  This movie is an insult to theThis is an awful movie. Trashy cash grab. Whatever happened in 1980s Ghostbusters, is wiped clean here. There are no interesting male characters, and the female cast falls flat. The jokes simply aren't funny.  This movie is an insult to the Ghostbusters license.  Take ScoobyDoo and add some ghosts with bad jokes and writing.  Now, don't get me wrong here the female cast have talent.  It's not about that if SJW's want to hate on me for my review - the writing, direction, plot, the jokes, continuity its just awful.  Personally I didn't find much funny here and the longer the movie went on the worse it got.  Act 3 is a complete trainwreck.  Only people that would like this movie, are idiots.  DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE, WASTE OF MONEY.  It got 2/10 for me for being Ghostbusters and some interesting visual elements.  The rest of the movie, is just awful.… Expand The movie is nothing but sexist trash. Every man in the movie is either a moron or a AHole. The plot sucks, the comedy sucks, the acting sucks, the CGI sucks. Nothing good about this movie at all. It was made by a bunch of Sexist Pigs andThe movie is nothing but sexist trash. Every man in the movie is either a moron or a AHole. The plot sucks, the comedy sucks, the acting sucks, the CGI sucks. Nothing good about this movie at all. It was made by a bunch of Sexist Pigs and should go back to the hell from which it was spawned.… Expand It's not misogynistic to dislike a movie on its merits, or in this case, lack thereof. This film misses the mark on so many levels. The jokes were bad, which is a huge disappointment considering the strength of the cast and a directorIt's not misogynistic to dislike a movie on its merits, or in this case, lack thereof. This film misses the mark on so many levels. The jokes were bad, which is a huge disappointment considering the strength of the cast and a director whose previous work I've enjoyed pretty thoroughly. I can count the number of exceptions to this statement on one hand. The effects would have been better placed in a direct to disc Scooby Doo movie. It has none of the charm of the original, and doesn't even play by the rules that the franchise set, and were reiterated in the beginning of the film. It feels as if this is just yet another attempt at a cash grab by Sony. Shame on Paul Feig for his whole "If you don't like it you're a woman hater" rants he went on when the trailers were released. No Paul, I didn't like it because you made a garbage film.… Expand Its like a bad snl parody of the ghostbusters, this should have been nothing more than a snl sketch. Its sexist and racist and has jokes that only 5 year olds can enjoy. It **** on the original movie and on its fans. The female cast was aIts like a bad snl parody of the ghostbusters, this should have been nothing more than a snl sketch. Its sexist and racist and has jokes that only 5 year olds can enjoy. It **** on the original movie and on its fans. The female cast was a good idea, but it was very poorly executed and the actors had nothing to work with. No reason for it to exist except to cash in on the name. This side of hollywood should never be funded!… Expand Ghostbusters was a disaster.  We're talkin' MiB II and Indiana Jones IV level quality.  An hour and a half of weak gimmicks and rehashed jokes and embarrassing cameos.  Standard firehose of sound effects and soundtrack.  Jokes are overGhostbusters was a disaster.  We're talkin' MiB II and Indiana Jones IV level quality.  An hour and a half of weak gimmicks and rehashed jokes and embarrassing cameos.  Standard firehose of sound effects and soundtrack.  Jokes are over explained then quickly cut for punch, while feeling gleaned from Reddit's front page.  Cartoonish texturing and color balancing.  Most cringe worthy thing I've seen all year, and that's coming off Warcraft and BvS.  Critics must be terrified of being black listed.… Expand Is the Ghostbusters movie as bad as everyone says it is? Unfortunately yes. Even on its own, this film is still not too good. The writing is lackluster, I did not like Melissa McCarthy's performance whatsoever (despite actually liking theIs the Ghostbusters movie as bad as everyone says it is? Unfortunately yes. Even on its own, this film is still not too good. The writing is lackluster, I did not like Melissa McCarthy's performance whatsoever (despite actually liking the other ones, specifically Kate McKinnon as Holtzman), Paul Feig's direction is confusing (as if he wanted to rush this film out), the CG looked pretty terrible, the ghost designs were pretty bad, and generic as well, and, worst of all, the humor really wasn't good. Oh and in typical Sony fashion, toss in a crapton of blatantproduct placement too. Overall, this movie was a major disappointment in an already major letdown of a summer movie lineup.… Expand This movie is an insult to the originals. This movie is a complete disaster, it fails as a Ghostbuster movie, it fails as a comedy movie, it fails at everything it attempts. This have nothing to do with the lead actors being women. The movieThis movie is an insult to the originals. This movie is a complete disaster, it fails as a Ghostbuster movie, it fails as a comedy movie, it fails at everything it attempts. This have nothing to do with the lead actors being women. The movie is bad, that is all.… Expand If you like cheesy SNL actors, a political agenda, man hating, Scooby Doo CGI effects and terrible editing..... you will love this movie BUT if you have a brain an enjoy a movie with a great story and a plot that makes sense THEN AVOID thisIf you like cheesy SNL actors, a political agenda, man hating, Scooby Doo CGI effects and terrible editing..... you will love this movie BUT if you have a brain an enjoy a movie with a great story and a plot that makes sense THEN AVOID this piece of cinematic poop at ALL COSTS! horrible...just horrible!… Expand This is what happens when you disregard a wonderful heritage and fill it full of brown notes. It's not a bad movie, but is about the worst thing you could imagine as a Ghostbusters reboot. At least Total Recall & Robocop TRIED to be coolThis is what happens when you disregard a wonderful heritage and fill it full of brown notes. It's not a bad movie, but is about the worst thing you could imagine as a Ghostbusters reboot. At least Total Recall & Robocop TRIED to be cool sci-fi action movies, this doesn't attempt anything other than being.… Expand Putting all of the Ghostbusters purist and nostalgic thoughts aside, from watching the trailer, this new movie looked like a **** new comedy that wouldn't get one laugh out of me. If there were never an original Ghostbusters 1 and 2, andPutting all of the Ghostbusters purist and nostalgic thoughts aside, from watching the trailer, this new movie looked like a **** new comedy that wouldn't get one laugh out of me. If there were never an original Ghostbusters 1 and 2, and this was a brand new idea that we were seeing for the first time, I would still hate the trailer because it didn't seem funny (even in a bad way) to me at all. So I saw the movie... peer-pressure can do things like that sometimes. I went to the theater with five friends eager to prove my opinion wrong, and by the 53rd minute mark after Melissa McCarthy made another atrocious joke, the camel's back broke. All of my friends looked at each other and myself, and we walked out. This was easily the worst movie that I have ever seen in a theater in my nearly thirty years on this planet, and I saw Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 when I was a kid. DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE - Like I suspected from the trailer, you can't even laugh AT it because it's so bad. Long time Ghostbusters fans will absolutely hate this movie. Another sad note, I believe a second one will be made. Yea, that's how Hollywood works... If one ****-ass movie can make enough money, you can sure-as-hell bet a sequel is coming. 0/10 - absolute filth.… Expand Absolute tripe. If you thought Pixels was bad, this is even worse. The CGI effects are terrible and the comedy falls flat. Having Paul Feig as the director has ruined what could have been an entertaining film, instead this is just not worthAbsolute tripe. If you thought Pixels was bad, this is even worse. The CGI effects are terrible and the comedy falls flat. Having Paul Feig as the director has ruined what could have been an entertaining film, instead this is just not worth watching, even on DVD or freeview TV.… Expand A slap in the face for all, who loved the original movie from 1984. NOTHING, I reapeat...NOTHING of the charme, the suspence and the lovable characters remained. It´s only a goofy, bad acted movie. Too bad, it could have been so good, butA slap in the face for all, who loved the original movie from 1984. NOTHING, I reapeat...NOTHING of the charme, the suspence and the lovable characters remained. It´s only a goofy, bad acted movie. Too bad, it could have been so good, but they blew it completely...… Expand Long time Ghostbusters fan. Haven't been into it that much since I was kid when I was bonkers for it. Even missed the 2009 video game. I went in to this movie with high hopes and it was...fine? As a disposable summer comedy itLong time Ghostbusters fan. Haven't been into it that much since I was kid when I was bonkers for it. Even missed the 2009 video game. I went in to this movie with high hopes and it was...fine? As a disposable summer comedy it was...adequate? As the long awaited follow up to Ghostbusters 2 it was...a total let down. These very talented actresses did their best but they had no help from an awful script that was razor thin with a weak tea villain and a plot that held no surprises. Everything felt totally under cooked. And ultimately, it just wasn't that funny. I was willing to accept a totally different tone from the original movies if this was going to be side splitting funny but...I chuckled a few times? If you want a mindless comedy you'll forget about as soon as the drive home then by all means pay to see this movie. If you love the originals then save your money and wait for it to drop on Netflix. And one final note. The critics and hot take bloggers that are smugly hating on passionate fans who have standards and won't settle for mediocrity are just as bad as the misogynist trolls that plagued this film's release. These are the same type of people who compel you to settle in life so you wont upset the status quo. They'll encourage you to conform to popular consensus and tell you to just get on board and accept an inferior situation. These people think they're hip but they're not...and they suck. Love what you love. Be proud of it and never settle. Challenge people to do and be better. In Ghostbusters and in life.… Expand Absolutely horrible.A waste of money and time.The characters were hollow , the plot garbage , the FX à la Scoobidoo .
Fun? Jokes? get those thing out my movie please !!
I've seen bad movies,  but this one deserve a special place in myAbsolutely horrible.A waste of money and time.The characters were hollow , the plot garbage , the FX à la Scoobidoo .Fun? Jokes? get those thing out my movie please !!I've seen bad movies,  but this one deserve a special place in my heart as the worst decision i've ever made .Moreover, the misandry and racism is blatant , purely made to appeal feminist to the point it is **** disgusting....and i'm a **** woman so i know  !I was so shocked , i was ashame to have brought my kids with me and even them (7 and 8) was findind that terrible! If this the new trend in movies, you can be sure noboby with a sane mind will ever come again in a theatre .… Expand Sooooo I'm not really that big of a Ghostbusters fan. I really like the first one, but meh, not the biggest fan. I didn't really expect anything from the film. Didn't really take notice or really watch any trailers or read anything aboutSooooo I'm not really that big of a Ghostbusters fan. I really like the first one, but meh, not the biggest fan. I didn't really expect anything from the film. Didn't really take notice or really watch any trailers or read anything about the film. I just kinda saw that it was in theaters and decided to check it out. Nothing in this film made me laugh I wasn't expecting much, but damn the film was boring. Its not like godawful or anything, but holy heck I just wanted to leave the theater because I was so bored and frustrated at how damn annoyingly irritatingly bland the humor was, and I love dry humor. The characters are kind fun, I guess. Good chemistry. Also the cameos where kinda cool. But besides all that it wasn't anything special or really entertaining. Action scenes where also pretty awesome. But yeah. The film has no substance and just feels bland.… Expand Forced, awkward and often crass humor. All this "It's so little girls can have heros too! It's for little girls!!!" in the marketing but then they have a queef joke 10 minutes in? Yeah sure 10 year old girls love that. The conclusion isForced, awkward and often crass humor. All this "It's so little girls can have heros too! It's for little girls!!!" in the marketing but then they have a queef joke 10 minutes in? Yeah sure 10 year old girls love that. The conclusion is borderline incomprehensible, ends suddenly in a jumbled confusing mess (suddenly within a portal, then suddenly not without seconds?) Gave it a 2 since the effects looked nice in 3D but everything else is cheap, badly written cash grab that pales in comparison to the original.… Expand Just got back from seeing this movie, and good Lord is it TERRIBLE! Zero redeeming qualities. If you like CONSTANT jokes about rude vagina sounds, and how stupid and retarded every man on the face of the planet is, then you will LOVE thisJust got back from seeing this movie, and good Lord is it TERRIBLE! Zero redeeming qualities. If you like CONSTANT jokes about rude vagina sounds, and how stupid and retarded every man on the face of the planet is, then you will LOVE this movie.  If not, then stay far far away. Just TERRIBLE! The special effects were horrendous and like a cartoon.  This has zero relation to the original Ghostbusters, and pretty much gave a giant middle finger to all the fans of the old franchise with missed opportunities to properly pass the touch off to a new generation. Instead, it's basically a 2 hour raunchy Saturday Night Live skit with cartoon ghosts thrown in for no apparent reason. AVOID THIS MOVIE LIKE THE PLAGUE.… Expand The Good: the effects are pretty cool - the CG is layered, cloth, translucent skin, bones, particle effects and little glowy bits. There's a couple of kinda funny jokes, particularly in the intro. The Bad: Most jokes, dialogue, locations,The Good: the effects are pretty cool - the CG is layered, cloth, translucent skin, bones, particle effects and little glowy bits. There's a couple of kinda funny jokes, particularly in the intro. The Bad: Most jokes, dialogue, locations, gear, outfits, weapons, traps, ghosts and well... the plot is 80% recycled from the first movie. There's an awful lot of stereotyping going on, from a cookie-cutter villain to a dumb-as-rocks secretary doing his best Zoolander impression, to feel-good 'girl bonding' moments that feel straight out of Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. The entire concert and several other shots are clearly pieced together from green screen takes. The cameos with Ackroyd, Weaver and Murray, are... well unnecessary. You just sort of go 'holy **** I had no idea they were *that* old!' The Ugly: I consider the original Ghostbusters to be one of the funniest movies made. It's painful watching highly skilled actresses with years of SNL, stand up and improv experience try desperately to do something, anything, with what is *really* bad writing. Bad writing means no foreshadowing, no figuring out the plot or backstory, no interesting, warm human connection moments, you stop caring about the characters, then the plot, then things really just start falling apart as you realize with no small amount of horror that you're watching Ghostbusters shake their butts to DMX's Up in Here. I'm giving this movie a three. And that's being generous.… Expand I cannot ever recall a movie with more product placements... not ever.  Even some of the dialogue is essentially advertising.  But the real problem is the script is uneven, the directing is artless, the pacing is poor, the special effects areI cannot ever recall a movie with more product placements... not ever.  Even some of the dialogue is essentially advertising.  But the real problem is the script is uneven, the directing is artless, the pacing is poor, the special effects are underwhelming, and the acting is by-the-numbers and stereotypical.  This movie is not utterly horrible, but for the life of me I cannot think of anything *good* to say about it.… Expand I went into this movie being very hopeful.  I was wrong to do that.  It was bad.  I honestly think I chuckled twice, total.  No solid laughs at all.  I would normally say wait for video, but honestly, wait till it's free on networkI went into this movie being very hopeful.  I was wrong to do that.  It was bad.  I honestly think I chuckled twice, total.  No solid laughs at all.  I would normally say wait for video, but honestly, wait till it's free on network television.  So bad...… Expand Let me preface my comment by stating that I'm not precious about the original Ghostbusters. While I really enjoyed the original, I've probably only seen it twice in my nearly forty years on this planet. I'm not sure that I'd particularly careLet me preface my comment by stating that I'm not precious about the original Ghostbusters. While I really enjoyed the original, I've probably only seen it twice in my nearly forty years on this planet. I'm not sure that I'd particularly care for a new Ghostbusters under any circumstances, because . . . it's just not a thing I'm that passionate about. I'd also like to mention that before the new Ghostbusters, I've never heard of the directory "Paul Feig" nor (as per IMDB lookup) have I ever seen one of his movies. I've also never heard of any of the main characters in the cast. I've obviously heard of Andy Garcia and the cameos, but I've never heard of the four Ghostbusters or the dude that plays their secretary. Anyway, I didn't expect much going in. After all, it's a remake/reboot/sequel/whatever of a franchise from thirty years ago. It's blatant money-grab banking on "hurr durr, that was a thing when I was a kid". Aaaand.... it met all those expectations. The special effects looked like they were from an earlier season of the "new" Doctor Who. The comedy was . . . flat. The characters were all obnoxious stereotypes. The outfits looked like they took them out of a clown  school. The ghosts they fought were . . . uninspired. Honestly, I just regretted everything about attending the film. I desperately longed for something else to do or the ability to run the film at 1.5x speed so I could get through it faster. Please... don't give this film your money. We need to stop encouraging this kind of crap as the "go-to" over something creative and original.… Expand Well then, I don't know why I believe any of the hype when I should have known better....... This movie had perhaps the worst comedic chemistry I have ever seen. Bad jokes, bad CGI, and an incoherent nonsensical plot. Don't even get meWell then, I don't know why I believe any of the hype when I should have known better....... This movie had perhaps the worst comedic chemistry I have ever seen. Bad jokes, bad CGI, and an incoherent nonsensical plot. Don't even get me started on the estrogen based man-hating which seethed from this movie like the ever present CGI fog in the ghost scenes. 0/10… Expand I really tried to like this film but I came out disappointed. It's not even what I expected. The story/writing was just awful, the humor is way more miss than hit and sometimes just awful. You'll laugh just as much as the Ostrich laugh fromI really tried to like this film but I came out disappointed. It's not even what I expected. The story/writing was just awful, the humor is way more miss than hit and sometimes just awful. You'll laugh just as much as the Ostrich laugh from family guy but never anything worthy more than a chuckle. The overall high points are mediocre too with very little to keep me interested. The visual effects were really nice to see in some areas but even those got annoying at times. The cameos were nice at first glance but to find out they have no relation to being prior Ghostbusters is just another low point in the film. It's really something I'd rather watch being home than in the movie theater as if never really took off as a reboot. To be honest I'd rather watch Independence Day: Resurgence again as bad as that movie was. If you do watch this film be prepared for average movie experience with some titter and more neon ghosts than a rave party but a film that just feels empty and without anything genuine to the Ghostbuster franchise.… Expand I've been waiting for this for so long.. The Metacritic user reviews, of course (which have ironically become more objective and principled than the reviews of mainstream critics), the movie itself I could not have less of an interest in.I've been waiting for this for so long.. The Metacritic user reviews, of course (which have ironically become more objective and principled than the reviews of mainstream critics), the movie itself I could not have less of an interest in. I could go on a 10000 word essay about why this film is, in a word, an abomination, but I won't (partially because there is a 5000 character limit, partially because I am very lethargic and partially because I'm not a pretentious, preening, poseur liberal arts/gender studies graduate pretending to identify with and enjoy cult movies/nerd stuff just so I can then **** all over everything and ram my toxic, inane, nihilistic agenda down everyone's throat to feel superior, because mommy gave me just a little too much attention and praise for my own good growing up). What is this movie? It's Bridesmaids with a Ghostbusters veneer. It's the same, tired, generic "female comedy" that is churned out every time women are given a damn chance to try and make a funny, which is far, far too often. Don't give them your money, don't give them your time, this is an inferior charity product that participants will try to guilt trip and shame you into watching and pretending to enjoy in the name of social "justice". Women's comedy is effectively the WNBA, let's be **** honest, shall we?!… Expand Having not seen the trailers that got massively downvoted, I went into the movie with a (mostly) open mind... Sadly, I walked out shaking my head. You'll undoubtedly read a lot of reviews about gender or other assorted things but here's theHaving not seen the trailers that got massively downvoted, I went into the movie with a (mostly) open mind... Sadly, I walked out shaking my head. You'll undoubtedly read a lot of reviews about gender or other assorted things but here's the reality of why this movie stinks: Instead of tying it to the continuity of the original movies, Feig opted to create a reboot and, in doing so, spends TOO MUCH TIME giving the audience the nostalgic "See, this really IS ghostbusters!" winks and nods. As a result, there's too much time spent trying to convince the audience that it's Ghostbusters rather than trying to craft a cohesive movie. There are four quality comedians here (five if you include Hemsworth, who plays a comedic role really well) and yet there's practically zero chemistry between them. McCarthy is actually subdued from her normal boisterous self and is often left reciting little more than stereotypical dude-bro lines (or doing other stereotypical dude-bro things, like crotch thrusts). There is little to no character development, the characters themselves are extremely unbelieveable, Jones' character panders to racial stereotypes far more than Ernie Hudson EVER did in the originals. The plot is paper thin, the CGI is some of the most overused, easily identifiable nonsense since The Phantom Menace. So much of this could have been avoided if, instead of a reboot, the story was told around the former crew (with or without Murray, who cares if his ego bothers anymore) finding successors to take over for them. Imagine a movie where Ray and Winston find Gilbert and Yates, and hire them to take over the business. Then those two would find the others and the movie could progress from there. That would have given the requisite character building AND eliminated the need for constant winks and nods to the audience about the old movies. Imagine McCarthy picking up an old 1984 proton pack and saying something like: "How did you not blow yourselves up?" Instead, we got a crappy, play-it-safe, reboot that is lackluster in every respect of the word. Less than 24 hours since I saw it and I've already forgotten most of it. Save your money, wait for it to come out on TV. Not even on Blu-ray.… Expand This is a terrible excuse for a Ghostbusters movie. The writing is awful, the acting is awful and it attacks men at every chance it gets. Ghostbusters 2016 is set in a difference universe than the first two Ghostbusters movies, it hasThis is a terrible excuse for a Ghostbusters movie. The writing is awful, the acting is awful and it attacks men at every chance it gets. Ghostbusters 2016 is set in a difference universe than the first two Ghostbusters movies, it has nothing to do with those two movies. So there's no reason to reboot the francise (Other than money, of course). They only make a slight reference to Ghostbusters in the very end of the movie. Seriously the last line of dialogue spoken. I'm not kidding you. The acting in this movie was so bad! In the orginal two movies I alwes felt like they were real people. Not just actors in cheap suits. In this movie, I just felt like they were (bad) actors in cheap suits. This movie doesn't deserve to be called Ghostbusters. Because they never catch any ghosts in the movie! And the one they actually catch they let out later in the movie to prove a point to Bill Murray (Who doesn't want to be in this awful movie). I'm not even gonna explain how it attacks men at every chance it gets. And no, I don't hate this movie just because it stars a female cast. I've seen plenty of movies with a female lead that I liked. The only connection this movie has to the original is Bill Murray, but he doesn't even want to be there. But he has to since Sony planned to sue him if he wasn't in the movie. This movie is nothing but a money grab. Don't pay movie to see it. Don't even see it for free!… Expand Um, where is the line for refunds? Personally i think that people should be paid a salary to watch this and not the other way round. Sony, please get your head out of your ass and stop making movies that are just path. I mean i went in withUm, where is the line for refunds? Personally i think that people should be paid a salary to watch this and not the other way round. Sony, please get your head out of your ass and stop making movies that are just path. I mean i went in with an open mind, but; none of the jokes were funny, the acting was terrible i mean i have seen better grade 4 productions from school kids. What was the story? was there one? Was there even a script? or was this just an attempt to appease people that say that there aren't enough women in leads?… Expand So we find ourselves with yet another utterly bland and 'by the numbers' re-boot which completely wastes a talented cast and bored me almost to death. There were a few chuckles but not enough for the price of a ticket. People who enjoy goodSo we find ourselves with yet another utterly bland and 'by the numbers' re-boot which completely wastes a talented cast and bored me almost to death. There were a few chuckles but not enough for the price of a ticket. People who enjoy good movies should avoid this.… Expand This movie is a failure, a shameless cashgrab, riding on the fame of a beloved franchise. Unfunny, clichè, over the top, filled with juvenile and lazy jokes, stereotypes... the amount of effort put into this is minimal. I dont even feel likeThis movie is a failure, a shameless cashgrab, riding on the fame of a beloved franchise. Unfunny, clichè, over the top, filled with juvenile and lazy jokes, stereotypes... the amount of effort put into this is minimal. I dont even feel like to sumarize all of the problems this thing has, for it has taken enough of my time already. Let it be know its totally OK to dislike this movie, for it is bad, and you shouldn't feel guiilty about it. The whole "you dont like it becaouse you're sexist" is the perfect alibi.… Expand How many SNL cast members does it take to ruin a movie?  Obviously 5.  If you count just current cast members, just 2.  Why does Hollywood continue to try to remake good movies or copy good movies?  Pixels was another Sandler disaster of aHow many SNL cast members does it take to ruin a movie?  Obviously 5.  If you count just current cast members, just 2.  Why does Hollywood continue to try to remake good movies or copy good movies?  Pixels was another Sandler disaster of a Ghostbusters ripoff.  Doesn't anyone on the west coast have an original idea?  I guess not.… Expand I promised to give this movie a chance and regret it. It is exactly what it seemed from the trailer. Badly portrayed stereotypes, forced acting, and terrible effects. If you insist on seeing it to give it a chance, do yourself a favor: getI promised to give this movie a chance and regret it. It is exactly what it seemed from the trailer. Badly portrayed stereotypes, forced acting, and terrible effects. If you insist on seeing it to give it a chance, do yourself a favor: get drunk first. The worst part is that the actors themselves are generally very funny. I like them. This movie, however, is a train wreck.… Expand Full disclosure, I'm male. I wanted to see this movie because I really liked Bridesmaids and have enjoyed Kristen Wiig on SNL and in a few other things. I'm not attached to the original Ghostbusters, and I wasn't upset that the franchise wasFull disclosure, I'm male. I wanted to see this movie because I really liked Bridesmaids and have enjoyed Kristen Wiig on SNL and in a few other things. I'm not attached to the original Ghostbusters, and I wasn't upset that the franchise was re-booted with female leads. Overall I think I went in with an open mind. It's just not good at all. In fact, it's terrible. The jokes were lame and just weren't funny. The story felt incredibly rushed and poorly thought out. The important moments aren't tied together at all. It was sloppily executed. Save your time and money. There is nothing worth seeing.… Expand This movie is a disappointment for what it stands for. The artistic qualities are mediocre at best and the jokes are second hand. I don't blame the actresses for their performance, I blame the director for going ahead with a trainwreck of aThis movie is a disappointment for what it stands for. The artistic qualities are mediocre at best and the jokes are second hand. I don't blame the actresses for their performance, I blame the director for going ahead with a trainwreck of a movie with an unoriginal script. And yes, the movie is racist and sexist despite having a full women cast. Who could've imagined that?!… Expand So, I gave a review of this movie a month ago and my movie review has now gone. Where has it gone, I wonder? Must be a ghost in the machine. In any event, I will post a shorter review this time - this film is a disaster on so many levels,So, I gave a review of this movie a month ago and my movie review has now gone. Where has it gone, I wonder? Must be a ghost in the machine. In any event, I will post a shorter review this time - this film is a disaster on so many levels, for so many reasons. DO NOT WATCH.… Expand Why just why. The original is a comedy classic with great practical effects, great performances and most of all it's funny. This "reboot" is a disrespect to the original and film making itself. No, it's not because they're women (to theWhy just why. The original is a comedy classic with great practical effects, great performances and most of all it's funny. This "reboot" is a disrespect to the original and film making itself. No, it's not because they're women (to the idiots calling people that dislike the film sexist), it's because it's very unfunny, not well written, very clique, annoying and unlikable characters with an overload of cgi. The film was rushed into production after Harold Ramis died, and ignores the events original films, which is so disrespectful. Why the f**k did critics give this piece of **** good review, but intelligent, well made films like Neon Demon and BvS receive bad reviews. Do critics only like generic, dumb cr*p??  I happy the film didn't do well at the box office. These remakes (the film is basically a remake) need to stop. Total Recall, Robo-Cop, Poltergeist, Point Break, and now unfunny SNL Ghostbusters....It's a disrespect to film making. What are they going to remake next? Citizen Kane? The Godfather? Back to the Future? IT NEEDS TO STOP… Expand This movie was a train wreak which is sad because it could have been a really good movie but instead it became a movie more about Women vs Men. The comedy was really cringe and I didn't find any of it funny. The male characters were dumbThis movie was a train wreak which is sad because it could have been a really good movie but instead it became a movie more about Women vs Men. The comedy was really cringe and I didn't find any of it funny. The male characters were dumb beyond belief and only made the movie that much unpleasant. The story line if you can call it that was seriously lacking and made no sense. I feel bad for the actress that had to put up with this piss poor writing. Also Paul Feig should never be allow to make another movie because clearly he doesn't know what the general public wants and is seriously out of touch with the real world.… Expand Этот фильма является очередной попыткой компании Sony возродить свою классику, и как оказалось неудачная, основные минусы фильма: слабый сюжет, отвратные спецэффекты при внушительном бюджете, плоский юморЭтот фильма является очередной попыткой компании Sony возродить свою классику, и как оказалось неудачная, основные минусы фильма: слабый сюжет, отвратные спецэффекты при внушительном бюджете, плоский юмор This is REAL PROOF that Feminism promotes UGLINESS, while it pretends to promote Beauty! Deliberately ugly main cast (And they act UGLY in real life too) in order to promote masculine women, men were deliberately made as incompetent andThis is REAL PROOF that Feminism promotes UGLINESS, while it pretends to promote Beauty! Deliberately ugly main cast (And they act UGLY in real life too) in order to promote masculine women, men were deliberately made as incompetent and femine, all in order to satisfy the marxist-style brainwashing propaganda we have in the mass media (Gender Neutral, Feminine Men, Masculine Men, Non-Binary Genders etc.) against not men, not women but HUMANS in general. The fact that they overuse memes and pop culture tropes helps NOT and most of the lasers looks like something from a scooby-doo movie in 2004. And guess what...NOBODY watches this movie in all theaters, every theater has only around 4 to 10 people and are outright empty. And i mean EMPTY. Guess that the public DOES NOT eat this vile cultural and societal decay bullsh*t that people call "Cultural Marxism". If you want to know more, GO TO ENCYCLOPEDIA DRAMATICA and search "Fembusters". The whole Encyclopedia Dramatica article speaks it all for itself for a very good reason.… Expand Wow, I knew this would be bad but I wasn't quite prepared for this train-wreck of a movie. What a kick in the teeth to all the fans, let alone good taste. The original was a comedy at heart but there was still a sense of seriousness that madeWow, I knew this would be bad but I wasn't quite prepared for this train-wreck of a movie. What a kick in the teeth to all the fans, let alone good taste. The original was a comedy at heart but there was still a sense of seriousness that made you sit on the edge of your seat and feel a true sense of fear and anticipation. This is just one big joke with all the characters dancing around in the credits like a bunch of morons. And man are there some seriously offensive character archetypes being peddled under the name of 'political correctness.' The black woman who has to say either the word 'yo' or 'homeboy' in every sentence? C'mon...Not even so bad it's good, just SO bad it makes you want to cry and slap the Director's face for having the audacity to create this miserable pile of donkey turd… Expand A horrible remake with focus on all the wrong things. It thought it was cute.. it wasn't. If they had focused more on fleshing out a solid storyline instead of they themselves constantly pointing out that the genders are reversed(somethingA horrible remake with focus on all the wrong things. It thought it was cute.. it wasn't. If they had focused more on fleshing out a solid storyline instead of they themselves constantly pointing out that the genders are reversed(something most people knew before going in) they might've had a chance. Only a deluded feminazi or a person who genuinely don't care what they're watching could enjoy this movie.… Expand A movie with that is based of a previous movie with the added feature of the main characters genders being swapped is an un-original concept from the 20th century. The visuals looks like it is stuck in the 80s and the humor is blander than anA movie with that is based of a previous movie with the added feature of the main characters genders being swapped is an un-original concept from the 20th century. The visuals looks like it is stuck in the 80s and the humor is blander than an Adam Sandler film.Also i don't know why some critics have given this film a good rating… Expand This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long while and I'm a fan of B-Movies (Bad movies), to clarify, a "good" B-movie is one that is so bad it's entertaining, this movie is just bad. 99% of the "jokes" are on the level where onlyThis is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long while and I'm a fan of B-Movies (Bad movies), to clarify, a "good" B-movie is one that is so bad it's entertaining, this movie is just bad. 99% of the "jokes" are on the level where only a 3 year old or someone with a similar sense of humour will enjoy, gone is the wit and clever delivery from the original movies. In fact the maturity of the movie overall is drastically lower than the original movies. The movie is also very sexist towards men and is very obviously in treating them as sex objects, this is the worst sexism I've seen in a modern movie. I don't usually care either way about these kinds of things but when it keeps being rammed down your throat throughout the movie I get annoyed. The acting isn't bad, the special effects are a little budget but not to the point of making it unwatchable. Overall, your time would be better spent doing anything else then watching this utter garbage.… Expand EVERYTHING about this movie sucks.  I was basically forced to watch it with a bunch of people.  I heard how bad the reviews were and now I can see why.  Nothing good comes out of this movie. Acting..SUCKS.   Story....SUCKS.  Visuals...SUCK.EVERYTHING about this movie sucks.  I was basically forced to watch it with a bunch of people.  I heard how bad the reviews were and now I can see why.  Nothing good comes out of this movie. Acting..SUCKS.   Story....SUCKS.  Visuals...SUCK.  I don't mind that it is an all female crew but why not do something completely different to set it apart from the original.  Do not buy this movie.. better yet.... DO NOT EVEN RENT IT!  GIVE YOUR MONEY TO ASPCA INSTEAD!… Expand My girlfriend wanted to watch this since it came out. Now that she finally get to watch it... she fell asleep during it because it was so bad. Plot is slow. Acting and characters are dumb. Despite an interesting start, it just kept goingMy girlfriend wanted to watch this since it came out. Now that she finally get to watch it... she fell asleep during it because it was so bad. Plot is slow. Acting and characters are dumb. Despite an interesting start, it just kept going downhill to hell. lmao. That's her opinion and I actually agree with her for once. If this movie spent more time on actual ghostbusting and less on feminist propaganda or social commentary, it would have at least been a good cringe B-movie.… Expand Maybe if you're a young girl and you don't even know about 1984's "Ghostbusters", maybe, maybe, then it's a watchable film and it gets a decent rating; otherwise, it's a throwaway - at least, the first half; the second half was decentMaybe if you're a young girl and you don't even know about 1984's "Ghostbusters", maybe, maybe, then it's a watchable film and it gets a decent rating; otherwise, it's a throwaway - at least, the first half; the second half was decent action-wise despite the girls' feeble-ility. Look, I like the Girls of SNL + Melissa, but their offering is barely better than the pitiful SNL skits they're in each week. And it's just so girl-power messaged that it would make any guy watching puke, especially with how they utilized "Thor"'s Chris Hemsworth. And what kind of awkward irony was it to have Bill Murray as a debunker of ghostbusting? The big budget sfx are decent enough - in fact it could be argued they saved the film, but the actors' reactions aren't appropriate much of the time, there's a disconnect. Talking about disconnects, there was a HUGE editing whiff during the concert scene! Pahtiful. Also, in this day and age, wouldn't they use Go-Pro headsets to document their encounters, but headsets wouldn't make the girls look their "cutest" would it? The act of sliming had a "fun" dbl-meaning to it in the original, but here it's just used like a Nickelodeon awards show. Finally, it was some fun to see the other originals - Dan, Ernie, Sigourney, and "Slimer" - as cameos. But seriously, one and done, alright?… Expand This movie got ever chance in the world from me.  Even though I didn't like the casting or directorial choice, I was adamant that it'd be good.  What I got was a horribly written, unfunny, poorly-acted piece of pisogynistic garbage thatThis movie got ever chance in the world from me.  Even though I didn't like the casting or directorial choice, I was adamant that it'd be good.  What I got was a horribly written, unfunny, poorly-acted piece of pisogynistic garbage that depended on manufactured hate to build it up.  Just bad from start to finish.  Paul Feig's career should be over.  Sony Pictures should be in much of the same boat.… Expand My fiancee and I got this movie from the library. We were watching it leading up to Halloween. We thought it would be kind of a fun way to be in the spirit. I knew there were very mixed reviews of the film so I went in with mixed expectationsMy fiancee and I got this movie from the library. We were watching it leading up to Halloween. We thought it would be kind of a fun way to be in the spirit. I knew there were very mixed reviews of the film so I went in with mixed expectations but an open mind. An hour into the film my fiancee suggested we turn the movie off and go get a drink instead. We finished the film two days later. She lamented that she would never get those two hours of her life back (the movie is much too long), and that the film was terrible. I completely agree with her. There is talent in the film. I won't say there is a LOT of talent, but more than what this terrible script provided. The plot makes no sense even for a movie about ghosts. The antagonist has no actual motivation that makes any sense. The four leads seem incompetent in every way. Worst of all the film isn't funny. I meant at all. It was a slot to get through. On top of it they straight up troll the audience by having bits on anti-female themes (youtube comments and the main antagonist). The cameos by the original crew were forced and added nothing to the plot. Kate McKinnon as Holtzmann is just terrible. There group will just be walking, and there she is bopping around in the background, looking straight into the camera. She isn't funny, she is annoying. Reviews and articles praising Ghostbusters (and McKinnon in particular) must not have seen the film I (and most users) saw. Instead they are seeing a film filtered through social justice warrior lenses where the fact that the main characters are all women (and Holtzmann is gay according to the director) means more than the quality of the film. If the film spent more time, you know, working on a script and directing than fighting social media fires perhaps this wouldn't be the dumpster fire that it is. Lets throw out a couple other tidbits. Leslie Jones's character seems like a racist stereotype. The only joke about Hemsworth (who is hilarious) is that he is hot but dumb. Would reviewers be ok if it was a super hot female who was a ditz? The double standards are astounding.… Expand Thank you Metacritic for the user reviews and I promise, I'll take them into account next time I'll watch a movie. About Ghostbusters 2016, all I can say is they really took a big p00p on the earlier films. My main problem was I couldn't findThank you Metacritic for the user reviews and I promise, I'll take them into account next time I'll watch a movie. About Ghostbusters 2016, all I can say is they really took a big p00p on the earlier films. My main problem was I couldn't find what was wrong with the film : writing, acting, directing ? Why wasn't I smiling at all ? Final verdict : if it worked in the past, don't mess with it and leave it buried (it's the same with the SW saga,really...)… Expand Said Thunderbeans, twas a huge disappointment. ~ I went into this with an open mind and left frustrated and annoyed. There were a few moments that made me chuckle, and I absolutely loved the intro scene, to the point that I turned to my gfSaid Thunderbeans, twas a huge disappointment. ~ I went into this with an open mind and left frustrated and annoyed. There were a few moments that made me chuckle, and I absolutely loved the intro scene, to the point that I turned to my gf and said "if the rest is like that I will be soooo happy, that was awesome!". Unfortunately it was not. The plot was absolutely terrible, the forced cameos were completely unnecessary and the ending was horrendous. Overall this was a below average, poorly written movie that actually showed some potential but couldn't get past the awful plot… Expand I got to see this free, nobody should pay for this though.. After all the heat this movie got, the reviewers were too nice and PC to this junk so take about 30% off the score and you got the real quality. It's not atrocious but it's badI got to see this free, nobody should pay for this though.. After all the heat this movie got, the reviewers were too nice and PC to this junk so take about 30% off the score and you got the real quality. It's not atrocious but it's bad and forgettable. But now because this garbage you have to refer to the original as the -84 version which sucks. Surprisingly the black woman's (Patty) most obnoxious scenes where in the trailer and she came across more tolerable than naggy voiced McCarthy (Abby). Only likable lead is Kristen Wiig's Erin though. Ironically the only chuckles came from the antics of male character Kevin, largely because of Chris Hemsworth's delivery. So the forced female angle didn't quite have the effect that they were shooting for. Watch the original instead for a lesson how witty, subtle and brilliant comedy is done. It holds up!… Expand Most of the movie i was with this strange face like -__- ...Movie jokes are waaay off and not funny. the idea of the movie is also not bright.Ghost graphics look unreal and cartoony (even the old movies ghost looked better).
some scenesMost of the movie i was with this strange face like -__- ...Movie jokes are waaay off and not funny. the idea of the movie is also not bright.Ghost graphics look unreal and cartoony (even the old movies ghost looked better).some scenes just made me feel uncomfortable.one of the worst movies i have ever saw.recommending to avoid it like fire.… Expand I was one who vomited in synchrony with the crowd when it was announced that the Bridesmaid team were rebooting Ghostbusters and replacing the all male cast with an all female cast. So off the bad I had this down to be one of the worstI was one who vomited in synchrony with the crowd when it was announced that the Bridesmaid team were rebooting Ghostbusters and replacing the all male cast with an all female cast. So off the bad I had this down to be one of the worst decisions in movie making history and had already expected it to be under a 5/10 regardless. However I kind of enjoyed Bridesmaids and Spy oddly enough!I was wrong however about Ghostbuisters. It was worse. Much worse.I think I chuckled twice the entire movie and I think I looked away in embarrassment for the other 90 minutes (I watched it alone too). Felt like a Scooby-Doo mash up with the same humour you would expect from a kids cartoon from the 80s including all the stereotypes from a bygone era. Awful.… Expand What always appealed to me about the original 1984 hit was its unique sense of humor that never tries too hard. It’s not quite imitated successfully with this remake of ​Ghostbusters, in fact it switches back and forth between trying tooWhat always appealed to me about the original 1984 hit was its unique sense of humor that never tries too hard. It’s not quite imitated successfully with this remake of ​Ghostbusters, in fact it switches back and forth between trying too hard, not trying hard enough and hitting it just right. A majority of the humor between three of the four leads stems from intentional discomfort. Sometimes it works, and sometimes it just gets on my nerves. Overall, the humor is hit or miss, but there were moments that did genuinely make me smile. Just a word of caution though: there is one fart joke that falls flat in the first ten minutes, but just one, and it’s thankfully not cringe worthy enough to hurt the rest of the film.So now let me get to the real matter at hand: the four women replacing the famous foursome.Kristen Wiig is the new Bill Murray of the team. She plays a psychology professor at Columbia University whose book about the paranormal has been published online by her co-author/ longtime friend without permission. Wiig plays her character’s discomfort as calmly as possible, even while getting repeatedly puked on by ectoplasm. It’s not the best role she’s played, but it will pass. It’s also worth noting that the conflict with the book publishing sparks the events leading to the team, yet it is never resolved or even mentioned again after the first act.She is for sure the one who stands out beside her old friend Melissa McCarthy, who plays the Dan Aykroyd of this team. She’s alright when paired with Wiig, but stands for not much else besides playing off the others.Saturday Night Live performer Kate McKinnon is the Harold Ramis of the team, quiet but spunky with her gadgets. She is easily the most likable of the ladies.But then there’s Leslie Jones, who plays the Ernie Hudson of the group. She’s the African American subway guard who joins the team purely for comic relief and nothing more. Now, Jones certainly tries her hardest with the direction given, but she still appears overall offensive to Black women by the way she screams all her lines, as well as one piece of dialogue that states how Black women know the most about New York City. Well, that’s certainly not a debatable statement at all, now is it?As much fun as the cast may seem to be having, the movie’s reversal of gender roles in an attempt for social correctness is getting us absolutely nowhere. In fact, all the negative stereotypes are still very much here, just in a different way than we’re expecting. Take a look at who Chris Hemsworth plays: he’s cast as the eye candy that parallels the dumb-blonde secretary, with emphasis on the dumb part. He only got the job because the other ladies find him hot, and their interview with him consists purely of girly flirting. Now, Hemsworth is for sure the funniest character in the cast, but his shallowness still adds to how confused Ghostbusters is in terms of social correctness.What exactly did director Paul Feig (Bridesmaids, Spy, The Office) get right with his rehash of the classic? He still flings elements of mystery fun with the equipment testing and ghost hijinks in a rock concert. I can even forgive him for the awful special effects, because the feeling of cheesy hysteria still remains. But it’s still difficult to recommend because of the lack of real tension behind anything that happens. It’s not just because of the unresolved subplots, but because of the main villain’s lack of any motivation to fill New York with ghosts. Seriously, it’s never explained.Overall, Ghostbusters is not the worst thing ever, like the YouTube comments made it out to be, and it is still a satisfactory feature without the original, but I doubt any lasting satisfaction could land from this wild heap.… Expand Insulting:1. I was stunned when i found that it was NOT a continuation but instead it was a REMAKE W T F. Basically deleting the REAL Ghostbusters.2. The movie is BAD. I was expecting a really awesome movie because noone would be as stupidInsulting:1. I was stunned when i found that it was NOT a continuation but instead it was a REMAKE W T F. Basically deleting the REAL Ghostbusters.2. The movie is BAD. I was expecting a really awesome movie because noone would be as stupid to make a so controversial movie and then make it a bad movie so you make it easy for everyone to bash you so hard, but yes it is, really amateur. It looks like made but a bunch of unprofessional people with not a hint of talent. Script, camarography, lighting, Special Effects, Direction, are all subpar to the point that the movie looks like those direct to tv movies.3. The movie is highly insulting to men. The first one secondary character is depicted as a coward, the secod as effeminate ( that apparently the people behind this movie is a trait they consider shamefull i see), the third is depicted as a mentally retarded.They even go as far as insulting the real ghostbusters through a sentence said after an appearance of bill murray.I am not surprised this movie made millions of people extreme anti feminists.… Expand Ghostbusters 2016 has to be the worst remake to date.  There are so many things wrong with this movie that it is not possible to list them all in this review.  I believe the director had little understanding of what made the original movieGhostbusters 2016 has to be the worst remake to date.  There are so many things wrong with this movie that it is not possible to list them all in this review.  I believe the director had little understanding of what made the original movie great this movie feels like a parody or SNL skit I don't think much effort into the visuals or props the car looks horrible the proton packs look like plastic toys and there outfits terrible not sure why they chose to make the ghost neon people have complained about movies such as scooby doo and the haunted mansion this movie had no horror to it at all.  The charecter seem so fake and stereotypical.  The new audio tracks created for the movie are horrible as well this movie is terrible eveyone involved in the creation should feel ashamed at what they have done.… Expand Oh my... what did I watch! I somewhat felt bad while watching this movie. It was unoriginal, not funny, forced, and made no sense. The CGI was also bad at most parts.
The movie was cringy at many times. The actresses and actors areOh my... what did I watch! I somewhat felt bad while watching this movie. It was unoriginal, not funny, forced, and made no sense. The CGI was also bad at most parts.The movie was cringy at many times. The actresses and actors are clearly talented and having a women only Ghostbusters movie could have worked! But no. The story was stupid, the characters were stereotypes, male characters were unbelievably dumb. It had jokes all the time and they didn't really work! Some CGI work was pretty good, but mostly they're neon ghosts and the green screen was so obvious at some parts.Most cameos were totally unnecessary. The villain wasn't menacing at all and his motivations were just lame. And how he got that power? Well... no explanations. The movie has lots of logical flaws.There were good parts of it but not enough. In overall it's a bad movie. It's not one of those bad movies that are so bad it's good an it makes you laugh on how horrible it is. It's just an insult to the beloved franchise! Sadly it failed to deliver. It clearly had potential but it didn't live up to it.… Expand This is a pretty bad movie folks. I'm one of those people that will watch and find something in most movies that I watch that I like. But this is worse than the Fantastic Four reboot. I understand what they were trying to accomplish with theThis is a pretty bad movie folks. I'm one of those people that will watch and find something in most movies that I watch that I like. But this is worse than the Fantastic Four reboot. I understand what they were trying to accomplish with the movie but it was forced and that takes away so much from the quality of the film. The best jokes( not very many) came from the supporting cast. It pushes a racist agenda. It's OK to call a bad movie a bad movie. If you keep up-voting bad movies to push an agenda you will keep getting bad movies. Save your cash and don't buy in to the critics who are paid off by the studios anyways. I don't know how they have a job.… Expand This movie was really bad.  I mean, I wasn't expecting it to be good or anything, but this film pretty much poops all over the Ghostbusters name.  Really, really sad to see the state Hollywood is in right now.  Quit with the reboots, quitThis movie was really bad.  I mean, I wasn't expecting it to be good or anything, but this film pretty much poops all over the Ghostbusters name.  Really, really sad to see the state Hollywood is in right now.  Quit with the reboots, quit with the "progressive" ideas like replacing the original all male team with women, just quit.  Wasn't funny apart from a few small moments.  Only a real few good action sequences.  Not worth the cost of admission.  You'd have to pay me to see another movie like this.… Expand Terrible movie, if was actually far far worse than the trailer from early this year, all the ghost encounters were badly done. It wasn't funny at all except the dumb ass secretary played by helmsworth, just a chuckle that was it. Wasn'tTerrible movie, if was actually far far worse than the trailer from early this year, all the ghost encounters were badly done. It wasn't funny at all except the dumb ass secretary played by helmsworth, just a chuckle that was it. Wasn't scary, cgi was bad, retarded ending, definitely ranks has one of the worst reboots in movie history, if you've seen the original this will make you cringe, i nearly threw up a few times, holy crap i couldn't wait till the movie ended it was so bad,… Expand I didn't enjoy the film. I watched it yesterday and felt ripped off. The movie seems to be more about proving a point rather than entertaining the audience. I was bored at 45 minutes into the film. This movie goes for 1hr 50min!!!! ChrisI didn't enjoy the film. I watched it yesterday and felt ripped off. The movie seems to be more about proving a point rather than entertaining the audience. I was bored at 45 minutes into the film. This movie goes for 1hr 50min!!!! Chris Hemsworth seems to have taken the spotlight. I'm not sure whether this was intended but it happened nevertheless. The movie kept on pointing out how mindless and stupid Hemsworth was to the point that he became a central theme of the entire movie. This came over as bitter. The movie should have focused on the ghostbusters but instead became preoccupied in proving that men can be stupid secretaries. The sad thing about the failure of this movie is that a serious production now can't be made. They've tanked a great brand name and have ruined the concept for all of us. On a different note, I believe this movie may be the death of Melissa Mcartney's career. I have a theory -- called the Sander's Syndrome -- that an actor's comedic value dies as soon as the actor becomes ideological. I name the Sander's Syndrome after the 'comedian' Adam Sandler. He just isn't funny anymore. I believe he started to become unfunny when he started to become political. I think this killed his comedy. Unfortunately, I think Melissa Mcartney will just become another Adam Sandler. :(… Expand Ghostbusters 2016 is not ruining my childhood, it just ruined two hours of my adult life. It's a bad movie. Who is the movie targeting? The ghost scenes are too scary for 7-year olds. But then there are fart-jokes. And shortly after that the fart was apperently coming from the vagina, which in a later scene was filled with goo from a ghost. Ehh... what!? The acting? Hemsworth is supposed to be a handsome, intelligence-impared man. But he's so unnaturally stupid that his character should be diagnosed with something. And with that in mind, it's really insulting to people with handicaps. I don't understand why organizations are not crying out loud! And when he's possessed by another character, his acting doesn't change a bit. The same goes for one of the female leads, no change in acting when possessed... such a B-movie! More about the acting... The female cast were so great in other movies they made, Bridesmaids is one of my favorite movies, but in this movie they were just bad. All the techno-babble came so unnaturally from them. It's not a gender issue. It's great that there are real-life female technology specialists, but all of them are likely ashamed to be represented in a movie like this. Story? Kinda OK. Except for the fact that there was no chemistry between the main four characters. They were all the same! It's like the writers really loved Dan Aykroyd's character in the original and made four copies. Where's the sceptical character so wonderfully portrayed by Bill Murray in the original? As for the orignal cast, it felt like they were forcibly inserted in the script. Ending? What ending? The writers must have felt like the ending was so bad, they attempted to amend that during the credits. And finally an attempt at a Marvel cliffhanger/hint of a sequel. NO WAY should you make a sequel!… Expand This movie is a succession of flat jokes sprinkled with bad CGIs that no "plot" or acting cliché could make interesting. If there had not been so much jokes and useless explainations on things that don't matter maybe the story would have beenThis movie is a succession of flat jokes sprinkled with bad CGIs that no "plot" or acting cliché could make interesting. If there had not been so much jokes and useless explainations on things that don't matter maybe the story would have been better. They tried to remake 2 GB in one, but without the substance. I don't see any reason why any person older than 12 would enjoy that crap.This movies suffers from too much quantumic-mumbo-jumbo-unnecessary explanations that don't serve any purpose in the story. Probably for selling toys on Christmas.Very very bad characters. Not one of them seems "real" enough to dive into the movie. Too much dull jokes. I mean, really, too much. More than 1 joke a minute.… Expand Metacritic removed my review, so until they leave it alone I going to keep posting it back. Now, where was I? Oh yeah, Ghostbusters is the worst the movie I have ever seen. It has horrible acting, it's joke are absolutely not funny, and itMetacritic removed my review, so until they leave it alone I going to keep posting it back. Now, where was I? Oh yeah, Ghostbusters is the worst the movie I have ever seen. It has horrible acting, it's joke are absolutely not funny, and it wastes talented actors like Chris Hemsworth. If you haven't seen it, DONT see it. It is waste of time and money.… Expand it´s insulting to the original movie and to the loyal fan base. It was a total waste of time and money. Starting by the bad casting ( remaking a cult movie from 3 funny guys hunting ghosts and changing it to 3 girls that hadn´t any idea whatit´s insulting to the original movie and to the loyal fan base. It was a total waste of time and money. Starting by the bad casting ( remaking a cult movie from 3 funny guys hunting ghosts and changing it to 3 girls that hadn´t any idea what they were doing and cashing on the "name" of the franchise is LAME) The comedy was cheap, the effects were cartooned and the plot was total nonsensical. This excuse of a movie, named as "ghostbusters 2016" is the excuse Sony found for their traditional penny hunt. It´s more like some satire comedy as blazzing saddles or scary movie… Expand I want to get this out of the way now. I thought this film was terrible. You won’t have to read through page after page of my ranting and raving just to find out what my opinion of the film is. It blows. It blows hard. If you have aI want to get this out of the way now. I thought this film was terrible. You won’t have to read through page after page of my ranting and raving just to find out what my opinion of the film is. It blows. It blows hard. If you have a comedy, the main goal should be to make me laugh. That didn’t happen. Not once. I might have snickered here and there, but for the most part it was silence. The only real laughter I heard in the theater was from women. And I guess that’s what this was, it was a comedy designed for older women. And that’s fine. I don’t really care that they are all women, that isn’t a problem for me. What is a problem is the fact the film isn’t funny. At all. Ghostbusters isn’t about telling jokes, it was about the dynamic between these three guys… and Ernie Hudson. The relationships here are nonexistent. There is zero chemistry. In fact, I hear the girls all hated each other while on the set. You got to know what to expect. It’s a Paul Feig film, someone who found a niche and kind of just ran with it. He doesn’t really direct as much as he places a camera down and tells his actors to do whatever. I get that Bill Murray improvised his scenes in the first film, but that film also had story and characters. They also catch ghosts. They’re called Ghostbusters, yet they don’t catch a single ghost in this film. Okay, they do catch one but later let it go. Like Zack Snyder not being the right person to take on Superman, Paul Feig is not the right person to try and do a Ghostbusters remake. But then again, if they chose to cast all men, people would still complain because who do you think they’d cast? It would be Seth Rogen, James Franco, and Jonah Hill. But if it was with them, the film would most likely be geared towards men. And that also isn’t what the original Ghostbusters film was about. It wasn’t just for boys, it kind of had something for everyone. There was comedy, a little romance, even though Billy Murray’s character is kind of creepy about his pursuit of Sigourney Weaver. It had great characters, great lines involving situational moments not line-o-ramas, an interesting story, a wonderful score, it was an all-around great film. And great films aren’t usually made just for one group of people in mind to enjoy. Kids and adults could love the first one, boy or girl. After the first terrible teaser trailer for the remake came out, I watched the original film again. It had been a few years since I’ve seen it and I was curious if it would still hold up. And it does. Sure, some of the ghost effects looked pretty bad, but one thing I noticed while rewatching it is just how much practical effects were used. Like this great scene where Sigourney Weaver’s character is putting away some groceries and the eggs start popping out of the carton, and cooking on the damn table. Real eggs, really cooking. I mean, the effect is easy enough to pull off, but seeing it actually happen was impressive. There is nothing impressive about the remake. Unless you find queef jokes impressive. I hope you enjoy poop and fart jokes too because this has plenty to go around. Remember all those fart jokes the original had? No? That’s because there weren’t any. I know it’s kind of strange to get mad at this Sony made fluff. This forgetful garbage made to push more product placement, but it’s really hard not to get irritated by the countless winks and nods to the **** original. Not to mention the basically pointless cameos from the original cast. For me, it was too painful to even watch. Especially when Bill Murray pops up or should I say sits down. You first see him he’s sitting down on a talk show. You see him again and he heads right for a chair. If there was ever a collect my paycheck moment, this was it. One major fault with Paul Feig is he is so in love with his material that he never knows when to cut a scene. He thinks everything is so hilarious that it must stay in the film, no matter what. There’s no place for it in the actual movie, that’s okay, just toss it into the credits, why not! This film did not need to be 2 hours long. And it wouldn’t be if Paul Feig knew how to edit unnecessary things out. You don’t need an extra 30 seconds of a guy flipping the bird or the line-o-ramas that constantly happen throughout. My final verdict, skip this one. It’s basically Pixels but with females as leads. I’d even go as far as to say Pixels is better than this, and I hated Pixels. - Capt. Peachfuzz… Expand You could tell the whole cast knew this movie was garbage, because their performances were so flat and uninspired. Everything was over-the-top silly, and it felt like there were no written jokes for this film. So boring throughout the film. IYou could tell the whole cast knew this movie was garbage, because their performances were so flat and uninspired. Everything was over-the-top silly, and it felt like there were no written jokes for this film. So boring throughout the film. I wanted to give this movie the benefit of the doubt, but in all honesty is deserves its really poor reviews.… Expand This movie is not funny at all. The plot is weak and filled with plot holes. Almost all the characters are flat caricatures without an story arc. All the people in this film act like idiots. The only character I liked was Patty. She was forThis movie is not funny at all. The plot is weak and filled with plot holes. Almost all the characters are flat caricatures without an story arc. All the people in this film act like idiots. The only character I liked was Patty. She was for me the only character that acted like a normal person and the only reason I give this movie 1/10.The movie has a very strong misandrist tone. All men in this movie are either idiots, cowards or ****… Expand The cold science was gone and replaced. The Ghostbusters theme sucked. Male character who mans the phone had no "cool" and no "brains". The ghosts were mostly neutered throughout the entire movie and posed no real threat. I'm severelyThe cold science was gone and replaced. The Ghostbusters theme sucked. Male character who mans the phone had no "cool" and no "brains". The ghosts were mostly neutered throughout the entire movie and posed no real threat. I'm severely disappointed. the only thing going was better terminology and effects, but no real application to the original style. The D6 game would have made a much better baseline for the movie.… Expand Okay, lets get to it. Is this the worst movie ever made and does it deserve a big stinking zero?Not really if we're being fair.The thing about Paul Feigs Ghostbusters is that it's lazy, the whole move plays and feels like a soulless cashOkay, lets get to it. Is this the worst movie ever made and does it deserve a big stinking zero?Not really if we're being fair.The thing about Paul Feigs Ghostbusters is that it's lazy, the whole move plays and feels like a soulless cash grab.Im not the biggest fan of the original franchise but at the very least i can appreciate the amount of heart and attention to detail that went in to making the 1984 version.These things are not present in the 2016 version and i'd go so far as to say that one of the biggest problems with this movie is how unbelievably shallow the characters and even the plot comes off.The characters are i'd say the biggest flaw as they are all extremely one-dimensional and i can honestly say that after watching the first thirty minutes of this movie i no longer cared what happened to any of them.Now i get that this is supposed to be a comedy and so maybe the director and writer feels that character growth isn't as big a deal as it would have been in a more serious genre but that's still not an excuse for the lazy writing we're being offered in this supposed "summer blockbuster".Apart from that not all things are bad, this movie is not horrible.It's not filled to the brim with evil feminist propaganda nor is it the shining light in the darkness that will lead to Hollywood producing more movies with all female leads.Its just painfully mediocre, in almost every single meaning of the word.For what it's worth i thought Leslie Jones did what she could with her role and for me she came out on top because of it, judging from the trailer i was expecting the usual loudmouthed stereotypical sassy black woman but she actually managed to give her character a little life and the laughs i got from this movie was mostly due to her delivery.… Expand There is only one way the critics score can be so different from the users score and that reason is money.This movie really sucked, there was nothing funny about it and some of the comedy in it was down right embarrassing, I'm not one ofThere is only one way the critics score can be so different from the users score and that reason is money.This movie really sucked, there was nothing funny about it and some of the comedy in it was down right embarrassing, I'm not one of the people that are upset that it's three women instead of three men, I could care less if this was a good movie but this is a terrible movie.… Expand I was waiting for Ghostbusters 3 from at least one year now, and am so F disappointed that it turns out to be part 1 remake. I clearly read that they are making part 3 seriously, whats going on? And whats the point of make this movie anyway?I was waiting for Ghostbusters 3 from at least one year now, and am so F disappointed that it turns out to be part 1 remake. I clearly read that they are making part 3 seriously, whats going on? And whats the point of make this movie anyway? Is it more funny or have more effects? I don't get it. I was never into remakes, because never seen one better than original.… Expand It is a movie more concerned on deconstruction or annoying men more than empowering women. Includes corny slapstick comedy, shouting, more shouting and pandering to progressives. One of the worst movies this year, did poorly in the boxIt is a movie more concerned on deconstruction or annoying men more than empowering women. Includes corny slapstick comedy, shouting, more shouting and pandering to progressives. One of the worst movies this year, did poorly in the box office. A lesson to any company who dares sh*t on their loyal fans to pander to a new demographic.… Expand Honestly, they funniest parts of the movie were in the previews, and the previews were pretty terrible, so there is something to be said for that. I was so hopeful that the previews would be wrong and it would be better than I thought, butHonestly, they funniest parts of the movie were in the previews, and the previews were pretty terrible, so there is something to be said for that. I was so hopeful that the previews would be wrong and it would be better than I thought, but sadly, that was not the case. I am so disappointed.… Expand Ok, lets start by saying i have never reviewed a movie, but this movie was so incredibly bad that i felt it would be a crime if I did not do so. This movie made me want to self harm, i seriously contemplated suicide as a way to escape fromOk, lets start by saying i have never reviewed a movie, but this movie was so incredibly bad that i felt it would be a crime if I did not do so. This movie made me want to self harm, i seriously contemplated suicide as a way to escape from the displeasure of viewing another minute of it, having your head cut off with a spoon would have been more enjoyable than this cancerous contribution to cinema.… Expand So much unused material and so much wasted talent. That's probably the best one-line summary of GB2016 I could provide. Feig had cast a lot of talented people and gave them a script that wouldn't even do justice to a shallow B-Movie. You canSo much unused material and so much wasted talent. That's probably the best one-line summary of GB2016 I could provide. Feig had cast a lot of talented people and gave them a script that wouldn't even do justice to a shallow B-Movie. You can pretty much see (especially with McCarthy) that the actors really, really wish they were somewhere else, probably unemployed, just not in this potentially career-ending train wreck. Despite all this, they really try to make the best out of the junk they were handed. I can't even pretend that it's done for political correctness, because Leslie Jones' character is a brutally blatant racist stereotype, the proverbial black ghetto **** mama from da hood. Sadly, she and the bumbling fool that Chris Hemsworth is portraying as the secretary are the only fun parts of the movie. Unfortunately for all the wrong reasons. She's funny if you like racist jokes, he is funny if you like klutz jokes. The rest of the zany acts is mostly funny if you're 5 years old and didn't watch a lot of TV yet, so you don't know all the jokes yet. And that's only part of the problem. The CGI is hardly newsworthy and I can't help but think that I've seen some of this before on a Doctor Who episode. The product placement is WAY out of hand, don't get me wrong, putting some real-life items into a movie can spice it up and give it a feel of real, but they just went overboard with it to the point where it gets ridiculous. You even see a lot of it in the trailers when McKinnon is stuffing her face with Pringles right at the sliming scene. Really? Your first contact with a ghost and you munch chips? Very professional, indeed. I mean, ok, in the old movies, the Ghostbusters were constantly seen smoking (with the notable exception of Winston, by the way!), but seriously... The characters don't "work" together. Holtzman has no reason whatsoever to join the other two, and even they don't really have a reason to work together. Gilbert just lost her university job because of Yates but of course the one thing on her mind is to join her in the hunt for ghosts, something that Gilbert tried to shed for the past years? Hello? Logic? Seriously, a lot of movies have plot holes, but the holes in this movie are large enough to move whole planetary systems through without even touching the movie. And that leaves me wondering who would be the target audience for this movie. Old fans of the franchise who are old enough to have watched the originals in the movies? Nope. That would be me and, no, this movie doesn't hold up against the old ones. Politically correct hipsters of today? Probably not really either, despite the all-female cast and the flawless portrayal of all male characters as either evil, inapt, insane or forgettable, but that racist stereotype will not sit well with them. Families? Nope. Not with queefing jokes right at the front gate and some other not really G-Rated jokes sprinkled through the movie. Who is supposed to watch this movie? I couldn't really figure it out. If you want to find out yourself, go watch it, but don't come back to me complaining for all I have for you is "I told you so".… Expand well, I mean I was expecting this to be bad, but not this bad. the cgi was horrible, the story itself was horrible,  it was sexist against men, and worst of all, it had none of the charm, wit, or jokes of the original movies in fact it hadwell, I mean I was expecting this to be bad, but not this bad. the cgi was horrible, the story itself was horrible,  it was sexist against men, and worst of all, it had none of the charm, wit, or jokes of the original movies in fact it had NOTHING that was really funny or scary in the movie. maybe a chuckle here or there but it was so forgetful I don't think ill remember what ghostbusters 2016 was about. if you want a good ghostbusters movie see the original two but steer clear of this one.… Expand Ghostbusters 2016 is a reboot of the classic franchise from the 80's. It re-imagines the Ghostbusters team as a  all female cast. For this review, I will be discussing the film itself and not the drama and controversy surround it. TheGhostbusters 2016 is a reboot of the classic franchise from the 80's. It re-imagines the Ghostbusters team as a  all female cast. For this review, I will be discussing the film itself and not the drama and controversy surround it. The movie opens up with hard hitting jokes such as anti-Irish fences, enslaving elephants and a fart joke about a EVP involving a female "queef". You can expect other such quality jokes about a man pooping his pants, a **** joke in the disguise of one of the main characters being slimed, a coward of a man screaming like a eight year old girl and much more. There is a moment of blatant advertising for Pringles potato chips. They don't even attempt to hide it and are unapologetic about it. It's bad enough they expect people to pay money to see this film, but then they cram advertising down their throat. The complaint that the film portrays all men as jerks, creeps or idiots is doesn't appear to be a valid complaint. If anyone can recall the older movies in the franchise, the Ghostbusters have always had problems with authority and in almost all cases, it has always been men. With that being said, the male secretary for the reboot is beyond stupid, this character is so dumb they should be considered mentally retarded, it's to the point that it is literally offensive that anyone would consider this character funny. I assume the animated behavior and antics of the characters are intended to be funny, but failed on almost every level to as so much illicit a smirk from me. The funniest moment is when a person literally flips them off and tells them to "suck it" for a extend period. The character Patty just seems to be like a hodgepodge of black stereotypes in her mannerism and the way she speaks. The remade theme son of the Ghostbusters is absolutely terrible, they took a classic theme and turned it into a hip-hop, rap stylized song and it fails on several levels. The movie blatantly ignores source material, steaming ahead and forging it's own path. Perhaps if this movie was intended to be more of a spiritual successor instead of a direct reboot, it wouldn't be so heavily criticized, but the fact is, this movie was never intended for the fans of the classic franchise. None of the jokes or dialog match the thoughts and feelings of the original movie. This is a great example of meritocracy at it's best, dragging the since long dead corpse of the Ghostbuster's name through the mud and making a complete mockery of something many people have held near and dear. People who have never watched the originals may enjoy the film, but the reality is, Ghostbusters 2016 will in no way please the actual fans who have supported the Ghostbusters franchise for nearly three decades.… Expand Как планировался этот фильм,как фильм о сильных женщинах(феминистках) что же в итоге:фильм показывает нам стереотипных практически никак не раскрытых женских персонажей одно клише на другом,причём везде этот фильм не в одном месте не оригинален,типичный убогий летний блокбастер,хотя нет любой летний блокбастер будет лучше чем это!Плохие спецэффекты,очень средняя актерская игра,просто пиздец какие тупые не смешные шутки,просто самый клишированный,скучный и убогий сюжет что я видел за всю жизнь.Вот посмотрите : типо у нас есть неудачник которого никто не любит,и он короче решил призвать привидений и сам стать им чтобы уничтожить город,гениально блять,фильм никому не рекомендую к просмотру,хотя если вы любите говняные некрасивые убого сделанные фильмы то он для вас! 0/10… Expand I came here fully intending to give this insult to one of the greatest movies of all time a flat out 0/10.... However,  I decided that Slimer and some of the other CG DID look really good and is thus worth 1 point.... If you MUST see this,I came here fully intending to give this insult to one of the greatest movies of all time a flat out 0/10.... However,  I decided that Slimer and some of the other CG DID look really good and is thus worth 1 point.... If you MUST see this, wait for it to hit basic cable....… Expand I went to the cinema. I began to watch this movie .After 10 minutes I was hoping someone suddenly   stopped the projection starting to yell : "We were joking! " by turning on the lights.Unfortunately, it did not happen.

This film isI went to the cinema. I began to watch this movie .After 10 minutes I was hoping someone suddenly   stopped the projection starting to yell : "We were joking! " by turning on the lights.Unfortunately, it did not happen. This film is bad and Hollywood must feel bad...… Expand Bad acting, bad jokes, bad special effects .. .you name it this movie has it including one of the worst cases of deus ex machina cinema has ever seen because writers don't know how to finish this movie.If they haven't relied on slapstickBad acting, bad jokes, bad special effects .. .you name it this movie has it including one of the worst cases of deus ex machina cinema has ever seen because writers don't know how to finish this movie.If they haven't relied on slapstick comedy and eddie murphy haunted house stile special effects and actual ghost that make sense to have that much power it might have worked but instead they were lazy and marketed feminism and misogeny on this movie to save it from being a total failure. Thank god for humanity that it didn't work because it's not the all female cast that ruins it but the awful directing and movie script.… Expand Truly one of the worst films ever made. This utter insult of a soft reboot to a beloved franchise can't even be considered a cash grab. Ignoring the weird sexist tones where every man is either incompetent, evil or often times both, thisTruly one of the worst films ever made. This utter insult of a soft reboot to a beloved franchise can't even be considered a cash grab. Ignoring the weird sexist tones where every man is either incompetent, evil or often times both, this film is rarely funny and fails to pace itself properly. Compare it to the original Ghostbusters, where the climax battle is followed by a short shot of everyone celebrating before the credit rolls. This movie does the same thing... except after it just goes on for several more minutes with two more pointless scenes.… Expand This movie is just straight desperate and pathetic. The humor is beyond dumb and forced. Honestly, I was encouraged to see Hollywood put some serious money behind a female-driven comedy. But....wow....it just constantly hits you with "jokes"This movie is just straight desperate and pathetic. The humor is beyond dumb and forced. Honestly, I was encouraged to see Hollywood put some serious money behind a female-driven comedy. But....wow....it just constantly hits you with "jokes" that makes Adam Sandler humor look genius. Beyond the fact that the film completely failed as a comedy, it is just horribly written and mindbogglingly boring.… Expand This movie is horrible. Not because of the whole gender-twist thing. McKinnon and Wiig are great, at least as good as any one from the original cast. Unfortunately, pretty much everything else is not. Most of the jokes are cringe-worthilyThis movie is horrible. Not because of the whole gender-twist thing. McKinnon and Wiig are great, at least as good as any one from the original cast. Unfortunately, pretty much everything else is not. Most of the jokes are cringe-worthily stupid and the majority of characters is neither funny, nor in any way likeable. Most importantly though, most of the characters are not convincing at all. As a whole, the movie is a waste of time and a shame for the franchise.… Expand The trailer was hated and the worst expectations have come true. Ghostbusters 3 is so far the biggest waste in 2016thThe film begins well but then it will be very boring. The four actresses show a weak performance and remainThe trailer was hated and the worst expectations have come true. Ghostbusters 3 is so far the biggest waste in 2016thThe film begins well but then it will be very boring. The four actresses show a weak performance and remain interchangeable.The moviegoers torments himself only through the film.… Expand This movie is absolutely the worst thing I have seen in many years...Every one of the main characters is your typical cookie cutter personality- the sassy one, the nerdy one, etc...Do yourself a favor and don't see this movie.
There isThis movie is absolutely the worst thing I have seen in many years...Every one of the main characters is your typical cookie cutter personality- the sassy one, the nerdy one, etc...Do yourself a favor and don't see this movie.There is no good humor, the only positive is the chemistry that the actors had with each other, but it's not good.… Expand Cheesy acting, dumb jokes, cliche and horrible written characters. The GhostBusters Reboot will pass like another failed intent to gained fame at expenses of a classic franchise.Sat through it last night because wife wanted to. Words fail meCheesy acting, dumb jokes, cliche and horrible written characters. The GhostBusters Reboot will pass like another failed intent to gained fame at expenses of a classic franchise.Sat through it last night because wife wanted to. Words fail me at just how awful this is. It is literally Pixels with Women. People keep praising Hemsworth and McKinnon. I have no idea why. Thor boy plays a moron. A complete and utter moron. It that's your thing go watch some old Mel Brooks movies and look for Teri Garr. That's Hemsworth in this. Shallow and stupid. And McKinnon? She's like a random clown thrown in to distract you from realizing just how awful and souless this mess is. Look! Jangly Keys!!! she is comepletely insanely random. She would work better in a Monty Python sketch. It's like she is channeling all Three Stooges in one body, at their most annoying. I suspect they accidentally gave her an old script for "Tank Girl" and nobody bothered to correct it. But at least she has and is a character. Which cannot be said of the rest of the cast. I can't believe any critic with ethics or a soul is giving this dumpster fire of a movie a mid to high grade. Just save your money. Take your family to see the Pets movie. Again if needed. Don't subject your poor daughters to this mess in order to empower them. They deserve better.… Expand This movie isn't as bad as I thought it'd be, but I refuse to say it is good. This movie starts off with dry and flat jokes coming at you like left ,right and center. The jokes are just... so very bad. I can't tell if they're meant to be childish, or adultish, because there are more than a few "wacky" fart jokes, and some adult jokes. (Like a queef joke.) The movie has a terrible plot. Basically, it is this mad bullied guy, who wants to summon all the ghosts in the 'ghost world" (which is not explained at all), because all his life he has been bullied by people. He just wants them all to die from hundreds of ghosts. I found this as a very common thing to do in movies, and it didn't have a scent of originality. The characters, OH MY GOD THE CHARACTERS. Almost every joke they said didn't even make me smile, it was just a bunch of stupid "wacky" **** There are four female characters, and they all are basically the same. (Besides the blonde lesbian chick.) She is one of the worst actors I have ever seen. Her character is just so stereotyped as the "I don't need help" character. She (I think) is meant to be the funny one, but some of her jokes left me questioning myself if the joke itself was even a joke. And they portray all of the male characters as Idiots, and **** Chris Hemsworth did a good job, but they tried to make his character funny in a "I'm retarded look at me kids" kind-of way. This movie has many flaws, and is not worth watching in cinemas. Don't waste your money, don't even TRY watching this, for your own sake.… Expand It simply wasn't funny. I'm not sexist or anything, but I'm really starting to rethink about Hitchens' viewpoint that women simply aren't funny - and this is coming from a woman. I chuckled maybe once or twice. The effects were terrible. TheIt simply wasn't funny. I'm not sexist or anything, but I'm really starting to rethink about Hitchens' viewpoint that women simply aren't funny - and this is coming from a woman. I chuckled maybe once or twice. The effects were terrible. The acting was lame.I wanted to see THE Ghostbusters, not this pile of crap.… Expand There's only a certain amount of cringe that a body can handle, so I stopped watching around 20% in. The movie has one thing going for it however: I doesn't inflict any physical harm, only mental. As such it might be a suitable replacementThere's only a certain amount of cringe that a body can handle, so I stopped watching around 20% in. The movie has one thing going for it however: I doesn't inflict any physical harm, only mental. As such it might be a suitable replacement for waterboarding.… Expand Steaming pile of turd. Utterly no effort shown by the cast in trying to make this a success. Everyone involved should be ashamed. The script must be a one pager. Even Melissa McCarthy was not her usual self. The lamest of lame jokesSteaming pile of turd. Utterly no effort shown by the cast in trying to make this a success. Everyone involved should be ashamed. The script must be a one pager. Even Melissa McCarthy was not her usual self. The lamest of lame jokes accompanied by a continual vomit of CGI special effects. This is not why I go to the movies. And what's with the BS reviews on RT?… Expand Throughout my hole life, I honestly think this is the absolute WORST film I have ever seen in a theater. The actresses: Some were OK, delivering a mediocre performance trying to make people laugh and, while something achieving that goal,Throughout my hole life, I honestly think this is the absolute WORST film I have ever seen in a theater. The actresses: Some were OK, delivering a mediocre performance trying to make people laugh and, while something achieving that goal, they failed the vast majority of the time. The visual effects: I belive that the CGI were the best aspect of the entire movie. Overindulgence of this asset, but good overall. Finally, the script: I really hate that they took a classic from the 80's and turned into this piece of junk. I'm so sorry if someone who's reading this actually disagreed with my opinion overall, but is safe to say that they had the obligation of NOT FUC**** THINGS UP! I felt like part of my parents childhood was taken away when I saw the actual actors from the original movie taking part of this so called "movie". Now I know that I'm been a little too emphatic on how bad the movie was, but it breaks my heart, and I soon as I got home I needed to write a review. I'm sorry Paul Feig (the Ghostbusters 2016 director) and Columbia Pictures, your movie sucks big time.… Expand Poor is all i can say about this film from the stale and well used jokes that lost there humour in the early 90s to the director who appears to have no idea what he is doing and visuals that look dated even in comparison to the original twoPoor is all i can say about this film from the stale and well used jokes that lost there humour in the early 90s to the director who appears to have no idea what he is doing and visuals that look dated even in comparison to the original two films this is yet another quick cash in and an insult to fans of the original two films… Expand This movie was made for all the wrong reasons......and it shows. There is no vision, no spark, and worst of all....very little comedy.

Melissa McCarthy can be very funny, but she couldnt save the terrible lines they gave her. The restThis movie was made for all the wrong reasons......and it shows. There is no vision, no spark, and worst of all....very little comedy. Melissa McCarthy can be very funny, but she couldnt save the terrible lines they gave her. The rest of the cast just looked lost much of the time. The writing was insulting to fans of the original. Could they have written more lifeless stereotypes while still trying too hard to recreate the old Ghostbusters shtick? I dont think so. If you are 8 years old and like Nickelodeon cartoons....you may like this movie. It isnt the worst film ive ever seen, but it is one of the most disappointing. Cringe worthy on screen and on the pocketbook. Save your money. If you are curious....wait for Netflix. Sony better be firing someone after this project. Its was an incompetent handling of an iconic franchise.… Expand 'Ghostbusters' or 'Ghostbusters: Answer The Call', directed by Paul Feig, is the absolute best example on how not to revive a dormant franchise. Out of all the recent franchise reboots from last summer's 'Mad Max: Fury Road' (a much better'Ghostbusters' or 'Ghostbusters: Answer The Call', directed by Paul Feig, is the absolute best example on how not to revive a dormant franchise. Out of all the recent franchise reboots from last summer's 'Mad Max: Fury Road' (a much better made "feminist" movie) to the belated sequel 'Independence Day: Resurgence', Sony's latest cinematic failure is not only the worst in the current trend of big budget reboots, it's also one of the most unfunny comedies I've ever seen. If you want to kill a franchise, have it be made by Sony.… Expand The film's only saving grace is good visuals. Other than that it fails from horrible acting, unfunny jokes, terrible casting, waste of Chris Hemsworth, crap plot, and boring personas of each ghostbusters members. I honestly think LastThe film's only saving grace is good visuals. Other than that it fails from horrible acting, unfunny jokes, terrible casting, waste of Chris Hemsworth, crap plot, and boring personas of each ghostbusters members. I honestly think Last Airbender did a better job in following it's source material… Expand Ghostbusters was an odd experience to say the least. I was the only one in the theater, didn't laugh once, though did have minor grins or chuckles a few times mostly because of Kate McKinnon's character. To be honest, I feel bad for anyoneGhostbusters was an odd experience to say the least. I was the only one in the theater, didn't laugh once, though did have minor grins or chuckles a few times mostly because of Kate McKinnon's character. To be honest, I feel bad for anyone who is a fan of the director or any of the actresses. Because this movie was an example of how good talent can't save a terrible script, especially not when they force it or at times are abrasive. Strangely, it's not all terrible, yet it's also not good. It really is just a really average movie. A few neat moments here or there that I wish would have accumulated to something awesome! I'd have to say, my best description of the film is, as if you went to a Stand Up routine and the comedian kept telling  jokes without a punchline, turning into one really long awkward set. Then s/he just walked off the stage without reaching any punchlines. But, he did this all while random **** happened around him to try and distract you or get a laugh out of you, in an attempt to distract off the fact that there is no punchlines... One thing I figured out really quickly though, is that it's obviously a communal or event film, best viewed or seen with people who may enjoy it... Laughter is often contagious, I'm sure if I didn't get "private" showing, being the only one in the theater, some of the stuff that didn't land at all might have made me at least laugh via the spread of someone else's enjoyment. But, unfortunately for me, the jokes just like in the trailer, didn't work at all, they all fell flat. But this wasn't restricted to the jokes for me, the rest of the movies writing & character portrayals also fell flat for me... The movie did show promise, in that the most genuine of moments were when the Ghostbusters were together doing their thing. But unfortunately, it took the whole movie for that to become charming. As the most engaging part of the movie was the credits. Seriously, the riffs during the credits of them now established as Ghostbusters were amazing. That's the movie I wanted to see... It is a bit more spastic in what's promising and what isn't through out the film, struggling to get it's footing there were a few moments where I almost got up and walked out of the movie actually, because I was that bored with it and the movie takes almost an entire 75 minutes to actually accumulate into something, to set up premises, characters, etc. But, as it does so it sometimes has some charming moments, which kept me at least engaged waiting for the other shoe to drop be it a positive or negative drop... Even though, it was a rough movie to watch and I didn't always enjoy my time watching it, it showed promise. I actually, crazy as it may sound, want a sequel. Now that the kinks are out. I feel like, if the movie was more competently written (including some valid satire as the director already was involved in an amazing satire film via Spy), the characters were given real character arc's, and they designed a story where the characters feel more invested in what's happening and get more genuine moments together. It could be the most amazing thing... But it's because of that lack of real satire and sincere feeling characters, that really creates most of the flaws the movie has. Spinning it's wheels most the movie. IF it weren't for those flaws, the movie would feel like much more than a Merchandise selling vessel. Because in the end, that's really what it boils down to. Everything can be connected back to that in some way, shape or form. Creating the forced, abrupt, abrasive attempt at comedy that this film actually is. Even though there is some fun to be had, in the smaller moments and the target market for the film is a bit wonky as well as the tone, feeling like it's target is families, even though the dialogue is not at all that family friendly... Ultimately, the problems with the film are things that could have been easily prevented, fixed, or that would have benefited from a clearer focus rather than forcing it and I feel as though a sequel would do great; if they capture what worked and are aware of those mistakes.… Expand DO NOT go see this movie based on the somewhat favourable "professional" reviews.  I'm appalled that this movie received 30 positive reviews out of 52, and only 3 negative.  It should be the reverse. The user score doesn't lie in thisDO NOT go see this movie based on the somewhat favourable "professional" reviews.  I'm appalled that this movie received 30 positive reviews out of 52, and only 3 negative.  It should be the reverse. The user score doesn't lie in this case.  It IS that bad.  I can't see why anyone would give this movie above a 5/10. 95% of the gags fall short, many woefully so.  I think I chuckled exactly twice (in a 2-hour movie)!  The characters are ridiculously unbelievable, there are logic fails out the ying-yang, and the villain....  Sigh. Don't spend money on this movie.  If you're a fan of SNL-type humour and want to sit through two hours worth of it, watch it when it's on tv sometime.… Expand It's really sad that after 25 years since the second GBs, we see a reboot/remake movie like this one, that completely misses the spirit of the series, and negates everything that GB stood for. None of the ingredients that made GB (1984)It's really sad that after 25 years since the second GBs, we see a reboot/remake movie like this one, that completely misses the spirit of the series, and negates everything that GB stood for. None of the ingredients that made GB (1984) special were present here. This is specially sad because we know there were a lot of drafts for the script during the last few decades for the expected GB 3, so you expect a smart, clever, strong script, but it is the contrary, seems hurried at best.I'm really not sure how Feig was given the reins to direct a movie from the Ghostbusters franchise, both first movies specially the first one were really something else because they were a horror film wrapping a comedy. The were classics both of them, even if the 2nd is a lot worse than the first one, both stand the test of time. This 2016 version pretends to erase those two first films because it can, no reason behind it, just because they don't want capable males to be linked with this new film, or because Feig and his writing partner didn't want to hear ideas from the guys who created the franchise, I don't know why, but is one the films big mistakes.This atrocity called GB 2016 is genre-less, is not a horror film by any means and it is a terrible comedy, horrible comedy,it is just a bland movie with bad effects, it is the worst movie Feig has ever done by a lot for sure; add the fact that it has a weird agenda that tries to portray men as idiots or **** and you have a recipe for a toxic film that achieves nothing, or if it achieves something is destructive, not only undermines the franchise and the 1984 original, but also is a regressive film in terms of gender equality. Only a guy like Feig (apparently he had issues with male figures during his childhood), could think that objectifying and insulting males on the movie could gain some ground on the Hollywood gender inequality issue he is allegedly trying to fight.My recommendation is not to see this movie, not even renting it. Let's hope it disappears with the years and a new sequel gets done where the old team introduces a new team, and the canon set by the first movie gets the respect it deserves. I apologise for the mistakes, english is not my first language.… Expand This new Ghostbusters seems like a very bad parody of the original-almost-classic movie. Yes I know it has some funny jokes but I don't think we just need this to like the movie. The original one brings us back to science fiction glory days,This new Ghostbusters seems like a very bad parody of the original-almost-classic movie. Yes I know it has some funny jokes but I don't think we just need this to like the movie. The original one brings us back to science fiction glory days, which the remake leaves it in the dust.… Expand 