Played it for the first time and it broke! I bought this as a gift for a friend. She received and opened it only to find that the box was crawling with wood termites. I am utterly mortified and disgusted by this. I can't believe that I paid to send a bunch of termites to my friend as a gift. I immediately advised my friend to throw out the box to avoid any possibility of the termites spreading in her apartment or damaging her wooden floor. I cannot fathom how the manufacturer does not treat the wood to avoid this kind of calamity from occurring. I cannot even process a replacement or refund since the process requires that I ask my friend to pack up a box full of termites and send it back. I'm really quite disgusted by this whole affair. I should have listened to the other reviews.  The pieces are made in an extraordinarily cheap way.  The idea of the game is to pull pieces out based on the pressure points, not to overcome MAXIMUM friction.  The pieces are not smooth at all, have little weight, and a few of them were warped out the box.  I should have held on to my Jenga game from 10 years ago. Unfortunately, I had this shipped overseas AND the return fees are just not worth any extra cost. The Classic Jenga has turned into cheap junk. The "hardwood" feels more like styrofoam, the pieces are all slightly asymmetrical, and the wood burned logos are faded and inconsistent.How have they managed to mess up blocks? What happened here? My childhood is let down. The product is probably fine. It's Jenga, it's a great game for kids & adults. Jenga is 5 stars. The problem is I never received it. It's been over 2 months. I contacted the seller & there has been no response. BEWARE these blocks are tiny.  I have played this at tailgates and parties and other games are much much bigger.The size of the block is not listed in the product description.  However, someone asked how big they were and the answer said 7.5 inches.  These are only 6 inches and are too small. This is not the original jenga it is some generic no name brand even though it says online it is made by Hasbro no where on generic box that looks nothing like what was pictured does it say that. Very disappointed A lot smaller than it seems and does not come with a box to stack the puzzles.  Takes forever to set up to play. The package has arrived on time but with half the sticks!!!!!!!!!!!!! unusable!!!! I was planning to use it for game this weekend at my place but now I went ahead and bough one from the store. Basically I lost my money for nothing. I would like to be reimbursed why would hasbro package this in a rectangular box???  storing the game is now more difficult.the game is still fun.  pieces smooth unlike other reviews.used to come in a square box w a plastic guide for building new towers, now its.cardboard  I got this game for my family to play and I was very angry to see when I opened the box to find mold and yellow and brown crust on the outside of the blocks! This is supposed to be a kids game and I for sure don't want my kids playing with mold! I'm sending it back in hopes the next one will be safe to use. I was very excited to play it and now I have to deal with sending it back and waiting again. I would give this 0 stars but I had to pick one. Jenga is a fun game. Unfortunately the Jenga I received was completely covered in green mold. You could see it all over the wood Jenga pieces. I had to throw the whole thing in the garbage. What a disappointment. This item was purchased new.. but when I opened up the package with this in it... it looked like it had gone through a tornado. It was bent and ripped on every possible side of the box.. which is where you are supposed to store the Jenga pieces when you are done! The actual Jenga pieces feel much cheaper than the ones we previously had. Got my 3packs of it and all of it has missing 8 for each box. Do not order from this place, they never contacted me back for the update of my order. I email them twice about my item, never got the response!!! I give them one star for taking my money!!! Its been over three months since i bought it and i was supposed to recive it on july 5th its not here yet in very disappointed THIS IS NOT THE JENGA BRAND GAME ALTHOUGH THIS PICTURE SHOWS IT IS ? Not stable enough from the beginning. Wobbly. Dissatisfied 1 star has nothing to do with the product and everything to do with the crushed side of the box. This is being donated to Toys of Tots. It may be the only gift for a child this Christmas, at least let it be in a undamaged box since the box is used to store the pieces.  3 Jengas.  I only bought one Item was bought new but came all bent up. It looks like it went through a tornado. It not a Giant Jenga that everyone see.  It's a lager version, still table top.  Very disappointed because they price it like it was the floor version on purpose. good I've watched this game raise over 30 percent in price in just a few short weeks.  Not cool. Didn't find this game fun at all. came with missing pieces baad there is no box that reset this game, quality of this item is bad i didn't like it. Great game if it had all the pieces!!!!  Kids wouldn't touch it as they thought it was "boring." This case does not fit lg g4 leather phone. After putting it on a plastic backing LG g4, it closes but not fully. Not happy with this item.             