I'm sure there are a ton of long reviews so I'm going to try to keep it short by doing bullet points:Pros:-Art Style is very aestetically pleasing-Flying feels slightly similar to Elite Dangerous except it's more simplified (which means mistakes make you die less often).-18 Quintillion Planets (well that's what it advertises at least)-Will maybe, possibly be a good game once they finish it (because there's no way I can see them abandoning their first game in this state)Cons:-I'll start with the biggest con: The game isn't finished. It feels very much like Destiny when it first came out in that you're forced to collect materials/grind by doing the same things over and over again. Only difference is I thought the minute-to-minute gameplay of Destiny was fun so I kept playing; No Man's Sky's minute-to-minute is "land on planet, look for rock, hold trigger while aiming at rock, pick up resources, refuel life support/ammo/space ship, take off, go to next planet, repeat.-Flying feels slight similar to Elite Dangerous except it's more simplified (Yes this is the game bullet as the one in 'Pros'. It is in the Cons because the simplified flying means that you can't fly all around the solar system, you can't maneuver on the planets, it's basically just flying straight left or right on the planet to get to your destination, very boring)-Solar systems aren't solar systems. They're sky boxes with planets almost always close to being aligned and the sun is the border of the skybox (meaning you can't fly close to it).-So far the 30+ planets I visited are almost all reskins of each other. Different colored water, different colored grass, different colored trees and animals that look slightly different yet slightly similar at the same time. The one thing I'll admit is that I didn't know the game was leaning toward Fiction in Science Fiction more than Science so I thought the universe would have more realistic discovery of life on each planet (ie basically very small as irl we don't know of life anywhere aside from Earth). I was just looking forward to landing on planets that are so odd to us on Earth. For example there's a planet we know of that is made entirely of DIAMOND. Yeah that's a precious material but NMS's creators could have just made Diamond invaluable in the timeline the game takes place in and then we could have been flying around walking on diamonds! But in all seriousness, I do wish the planets were more varied than just different colored earths (because that's all I've seen aside from one or two planets with a bit of rock and very thin red lines [lava i guess]).-Inventory Managment: If the game expanded on its inventory limit by 5x to 10x then it would be a very fun game. But as it is, in the early game especially, you'll be managing your inventory almost as much as you are walking/flying around. The inventory needs to be a lot bigger for the game to be fun and fair.In the end, I think the game will become a lot better once they finish it in a year or two like they did with Destiny. Destiny now is a lot more fleshed out than it was when it came out and I think $60 for Destiny now is worth it whereas it wasn't worth it when it came out. No Man's Sky is in the same category. There are numerous things that were left out that Sean Murray said were in the game and I'm sure they will come in eventually but a lot of those things that were left out are the things people specifically loved about the game during its development. There's a reddit post about this exact problem and if I can find it I'll edit this review and included it but I suggest looking for it yourself to see if you are excited about features that might come but aren't in the game yet.My main takeaway point of this is not to avoid buying it and forget about it but to come back in a few months or maybe a year and see how much it has been updated. I strongly suggest NOT buying it right now though. It's not worth $60 and it will probably drop in price over the next year anyway so it'll be cheaper and have more content. I purchased this game via Sony's PSN Digital Download service.None of the game I played was anything like the promotional interviews/videos/and releases Hello Games made leading up to the game's release. The game was absolutely boring, grindy, and pointless. Once you've seen the first 5 planets/systems you've pretty much seen the entire lot. There's no ending outside of some text that gives you a cryptic message and then boom back to the start with another broken ship.The entire game was a bait and switch and I fully hope that Hello Games is run out of business for blatantly lying to consumers about what they were developing.There's buildings, mechanics, and other such stuff present in trailers that are absent from the game.Save yourself the $60 and avoid this title if you don't feel like wasting a large amount of your time for nothing.As of the writing of this, Hello Games nor Sean Murray (Head Developer) have made anything sort of a public statement about the state of the game outside of "bugfixes". At launch the game played poorly on my PS4, crashed often, and froze up often.If I could give this game less stars I absolutely would. I can't even bring myself to wasting time writing a review on this game.  Fortunately Amazon refunded full pricing for me.Just google the game.  There's enough non-biased information out there to clearly show you what a complete and utter disaster this game is.Probably the best illustration would be YouTube:  Just search on "Jurassic Park No Man's Sky Harmonica" I should have seen this comingThe same promises as Spore, the same sense of disappointment, but this time much worse. We were told we'd get a never-ending universe of excitement and wonder to explore, we got a repetitive bore-fest which after you've played for maybe an hour you've seen everything worth seeing.At least Spore gave us a game that can be fun throughout (even if it didn't come close to expectations), the closest to enjoyment I've gotten from No Man's Sky is the bitter laughter when I realized I'd wasted $60 on a game that feels like you're having a bucket filled to the brim with disappointment poured over your head Please do NOT buy this game. My son pre-ordered this with money he saved. I saw the same hype videos and gameplay he watched. I was excited FOR him and thought he would really enjoy playing this game. The pre-release information and what the actual product IS vs what was implied or blatantly lied about is absolutely bordering on criminal. This was utter and complete fraud at the worst and at best ridiculously false advertising. The gameplay is tedious and mind-numbingly boring. The alleged joinable factions are not possible. The large scale space battles are non-existent. If you have not purchased this game, please do NOT do so. I would hate for anyone to give this as a gift and initiate the frustration it will undoubtedly cause. SHAME on you PS4 for not publicly apologizing for the disappointment this game caused and not stopping these game designers from over-hyping a product they could not, or would not possibly produce. Not worth the full price.  It's worth $10 or less as it is less complete than many early access titles that go for $10.  It honestly feels like a tech engine demo with 1 hour of actual content and the rest being a time-sink. This game promised so much by creator Sean Murray.  It was incredibly ambitious, maybe two ambitious by the 4 people that began working on it at Hello Games.It starts out full of intrigue and promise as you have to repair your ship and the entire universe awaits.  There is danger and landing on the first couple of planets yields new experiences each time.  In an effort to improve your multi-tool, ship, and suit you rush around to the various types of outposts that are scattered all across the planets in an effort to "reach the center" or "explore" or "improve your equipment".After about 40-60 hours or so the game becomes a huge grind.  Exploration becomes less rewarding as planets get repetitive.  You may have completed the Atlas storyline by now and realized it is a disappointment.  You may also have maxed your suit, took, and/or ship by now--or are contemplating how much work it will to do this.  Getting a maxed ship is a huge grind of either going to transmission towers over and over and over  again for crashed ships or grinding money for hours on end.  Either way, this alone is going to be a week's effort alone, and could vary based on your luck/ability.So you get your gear maxed, maybe less important to those who just want to explore--but like I said, exploring gets old ages before you max your equipment so those people have already stopped playing/are playing far less than those trying to reach the center.  Now you contemplate reaching the center and you have all 3 hyper-drive upgrades (still looking for confirmation Omega exists other than in game code).  It is literally going to take hundreds of jumps to reach the center.  It can be done but it is perhaps the grindiest task of them all because just the materials for the warp cells is going to take hours and hours to mine and create.  There is no "create x" number of them.  Then you are going to grow increasingly disappointed once you realize as you get closer to the center there is not any new variety or rewards.  Once you get to the center you are going to be very disappointed**********Spoilers******To find out that your reward is that all your equipment is broken and you get to start over and do it again in a new galaxy that takes even longer to reach the center and you get to grind even more materials!*******End Spoilers********To cap is all off, disregarding the game crashes and rare freeze, Sean Murray is a liar who intentionally created hype to sell more copies rather than let the game speak for itself.  He lied about multiplayer which does not exist and would have been a very helpful side quest--to find and interact with other explorers.  He lied about the potential variety of the game.  He did not lie about the size--it's painful large which will be all to clear if you do make it to the center, which I estimate 95% or more of the people who buy this game will not do.  It was a great idea but for a sandbox games falls short of a game like Minecraft in overall gameplay, variety, replay value, scope, and obviously multiplayer.  I will not be supporting Hello Games in the future regardless of their pursuits, not because the game is bad, but because integrity is important to any company and they utterly lack it. Worst rip-off of this gaming generation. The game itself worked and installed fine but it was a completely different game from what was advertised and I ended up returning it. I tried to defend it and enjoy but it became a hassle to continuously traverse very similar planets with very tedious necessities like having to refill your ship's boosters and power up your armor all the time. It changed the idea of exploration from adventure to the act of jumping back and forth trying to find the right materials to fix or refill your spaceship and armor. So sad that it turned out this way because I had such high hopes for this game. Have you ever wanted a $60 game where you use a laser to lase rocks?  Well you're in for a treat with No Man's Sky.  It's a game that is almost exclusively about lasing rocks and then storing the rocks you lased in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.So you use your rock laser to lase rocks, and then store the rocks in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.  Awesome.  So here's a break down of game play.  You're a Space Person, and your spaceship crash lands on a strange and amazing alien world.  Well, you have to fix your spaceship with resources you find in rocks on the planet surface. Luckily however you have one thing, one bag, one love, one groove --  You can lase some rocks like nobody's business!  So you use your rock laser to lase rocks, and then store the rocks in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.  Then you can finally blast off the planet and go to a space station where you learn how to make a hyper-drive, which again requires you to go down to a planet to get more resources. So you use your rock laser to lase rocks, and then store the rocks in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.  After you build the hyperdrive you need to fuel it up with a Warp Cell that requires resources. So you use your rock laser to lase rocks, and then store the rocks in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.  Once you make the first jump to a new star system you'll need to refuel your hyperdrive to make the next jump. So you use your rock laser to lase rocks, and then store the rocks in limited inventory slots you kind of have to juggle around.So that is a little repetitive, but it gets better! It turns into a nihilistic metaphor on the soul-crushing futility of existence itself!  I'm gonna reveal the big SECRET of the game -- you may have heard this secret hinted at, but nobody else has revealed the true nature of the game!!!***SPOILER ALERT***For mysterious, unknown and unknowable reasons, a vastly powerful, resource-unlimited Kardashev Level V alien construct has decided IT DOES NOT WANT YOU TO LASE ROCKS! Especially not the ferrous ones for some reason. Now, your rock-lasing love is pure, and it is your one true calling, the only thing that defines you as a Space Person and actually moves that narrative of the game along.  But this mysterious force has decided that ROCK LASING IS FORBIDDEN!!! -- HERE, NOW, AND IN ALL OTHER TIMES AND PLACES!!!  And to that effect, the omni-powerful, onmi-present hyper-galactic entity has emplaced uncountable Sagan-esque multitudes of robotic rock-protecting sentry drones on every square kilometer of every single one of the 18 quintillion worlds in every single galaxy in No Man's Sky.So how is that?  An entire Universe of anti-rock lasing robots versus one small, insignificant rock-lasing Space Person.  Kind of puts the whole thing in stark perspective, doesn't it?I am returning the game. No Man's Sky, while certainly promising, is a completely different game than was promised even weeks before the release.  While mindless fun can be had, glitches and crashes are still incredibly common place.  When the game is pitched with all these features, someone should not have hit the end-game on the first day.  While another delay would have been disheartening, this game is still months if not years away from being completed.  Shy away from the digital edition as there are no refunds via Amazon.  This product is not as advertised.  Sean Murray, managing director at Hello Games lied to everybody with a fake demo that his team put together for the sake of hyping his product up.  You can play this game offline.  There is NO multiplayer aspect of the game.  Stats are uploaded online, and experiencing a planet someone "discovered" happens randomly.  I'll never preorder a game again.  Read the reviews online.  Wish I could get my money back. Constant crashes and unloaded saves makes this game impossible to play. Their latest "patch" has seen 5 crashes in under four hours, all of the saves put me in a "limbo" where I can do nothing, but after 40 minutes I die and then respawn where I can move again (until the next crash less than 30 minutes later).I don't understand how this was released. I don't care about content or anything (to each their own, everyone likes something different), but a game that can't even run or save is not good for anything. All they had to do was try playing it for an hour and watch it crash. Did they just ignore any kind of testing?I will never pre-order an indie again. I am very disappointed in this game. It was falsely advertised. It's just a game where you explore planets. That's it...nothing else. They cheated people out of their money for a stupid exploration game! Don't buy it. While the initial 2 hours of gameplay gave me feelings I rarely feel in gaming. With that being said this game gets so redundant after the first play that I ask myself why I was so interested in it anyways. An absolute waste of a great idea. The biggest cash grab in gaming I have ever seen. Not to mention the development team tucked their tails and ran when scrutiny started coming in. UPDATED 8/18/2016Is this game for everyone? Not even remotely. There are many people who would probably really hate this game. However, if you're in the niche market of gamers that this game is meant for, you will definitely have fun with the game. Do some research, and find out whether this is your type of game before buying.As for myself, I have such mixed emotions about this game. It is abundantly clear that the developer removed things previously shown in trailers for the game, and there is at least one feature that they straight up lied about. This is ignoring the horrific bugs - some of which can leave players completely stranded with no way to get to their ship, or game crashes which cause players to lose progress. They're working on patching the errors, but for a full-priced game release, this is absolutely unacceptable. I don't really care if they only have a 15 man team - if they couldn't deliver a $60 product, they shouldn't have set the price at $60. Updates are slow to come because the team is so small.Is the game fun? I thought so. I definitely have had fun with this game. However, it is not really what I expected. I thought I would love the exploration - that I would want to wander the surface of the planets, finding interesting landscapes and creatures. However, really, this is one of the more boring things to do in the game. Most planets have very similar features, and you quickly start to see a lot of repetition in the animals you are seeing. After a few hours of playing, you no longer feel the draw to care about every creature you come across - it's just another thing you've already seen before. Occasionally something really unusual will cross paths with you, but this is definitely a rarity. The same goes for landscapes - the caves look essentially the same on all the planets, and the plant life all looks pretty much the same.The NPCs are also disappointing. There are 3 different races, each with minor differences in personalities. However, all the space stations for a given race are basically exactly the same inside, and there are a few types of planetary buildings that repeat themselves ad nauseum. Every building is essentially the same - there's one NPC sitting in a chair that you can "interact with". Some of the buildings have terminals that you can access and solve "puzzles" - but there's only like 3 types of puzzles, and they're all super easy, so it becomes more of a recognition game of "which puzzle is this?"Other than this, the only thing there really is to do in this game is grind. Grind resources to support your ever decreasing life support, weapon energy, hazard shields, and other systems. Grind units to buy multi-tools with more slots. Grind units so you can increase the space in your space suit. Grind units or crashed ships so that you can upgrade your ship with more slots. Grind knowledge stones to learn alien languages. Get the point? This game is really, really grindy. The grind can actually be a lot of fun sometimes, but often can be a chore, especially since everything is very formulaic - you'll never find a crashed ship with double the slots of your current one. You'll only find a ship with 1, maybe 2 more slots, so you have to keep grinding if you want a bigger one. Oh, did you find a ship you really like the look of, but it only has 12 slots? Sorry, there's no way to upgrade them, so you either have to deal with a 12 slot ship for the rest of the game, or you have to ditch your awesome ship for another one, and hope you find one that looks like your old ship in a 48-slot (the max) variety. Oh, and btw, they're procedurally generated, so essentially you'll NEVER find a ship like that again. Want to travel back to a cool planet you saw? Sorry, hope you remember your way back on your own, because there's no way to track your path on the galaxy map.The point is - there are the foundations of a really fun game here. But that game is hampered by bizarre design decisions, horrific bugs, and super shallow mechanics. Seriously - it feels like they created a pretty looking world, but then realized, "Hey, we probably should let people actually DO something here", so they tossed in some crappy, grindy survival mechanics, and some of the worst first person shooting mechanics that I have ever seen in a released game. The spaceflight and space combat are actually pretty fun, even if they are simplistic, but they hamper you with weird things like making your ship hover above the ground permanently so that you can't execute complex maneuvers, fly right next to the ground, or ever crash your ship.Everything that is fun in this game is hampered by some ridiculous design decision that seems like it's only there to slow you down.Could you have fun with this game? Yes, I am definitely having fun. Will you be frustrated at stupid design, bugs, and repetitive chores? Almost certainly, at some point. I'm enjoying the game, but I honestly can't recommend this at full price. Wait until the price drops - the kinks might be ironed out by then.2nd UPDATE: This is ridiculous. It's been over a month since release, and the developer has yet to say a word about all the deceptive marketing they did pre-release. I can't recommend giving such a dishonest and shady company money. There is almost nothing to do in this game.you start out not knowing how to play the game... then you realize your ship is a piece of crap. walk around the planet looking for materials.after walking around in enough circles you get enough materials to get off the planet. Hey your ship still sucks. repeat.hey your suit sucks, repeat, find more materials. wow your ship is still crappy, you need a hyper drive. mine more.then you get to the center of the universe and the game restarts.do not waste your money. you're better off buying 60 bags of tropical gummy bears. This "game" will go down in the annals of history as the very epitome of what NOT to do for future developers. All across the board, No Man's Sky is a massive disappointment. What once was supposed to be a crowning achievement in video game lore (the hype leading up to release was IMMENSE) quickly materialized into a resounding clunker full of deception and frustration. I bought this travesty off of a co-worker for a measly $25 and I still feel gypped. Half of the things promised are not in the game. Factions, glorious spacefights, neverending infinite unrepetitive exploring, multiplayer, nothing is there. This game offers no purpose more than destroying some rocks to buy new ships. After 5 hours I got the biggest ship, the infinite game became repetitive and pointless. Hello Games team said it'd get progressively better, so I played more, but nothing changed. I wont add on what others are saying because there are much more in-depth reviews of what was marketed vs what the actual game is. This is not a 60 dollar game. It's an unfinished 20 dollar game. I wish I could get my money back. All the mysticism and intrigue disappears after the first few hours of the game. When it finally dons on you that the assets are just rehashes of the previous planets except now with a slightly different hue, you will realize this game is just fluff with no sustenance. What really is the point of the 18 quint. planets? We get it. The galaxy is massive. Its just bloat; you'll never see them and you won't want to see them anyway.The hook mechanism is virtually collecting materials, selling them, buying a new spaceship(which has no real benefits outside of its aesthetics and storage space). This is pretty much it. This isn't an issue just pertaining to NMS but the whole survival genre in general. Still, I should preface this by saying I've played a fair share of survival games, but I find this to be the worst. (May contain spoilers):It's basically a space version of Mine Craft with repetitious cycle of mining ores and materials to gain money to which you go from planet to planet doing.There is some battle like whenever enemy ships try attacking you in space. But that's about it. It rendered from what my roommate played and statistically logged, the same planets with slight variations to which elements were on the planet.The visuals are about the only entertaining, the transition between Warp drives and stuff are pretty cool. But after awhile you would rather watch paint dry or type and debug code.  It's very boring, plus there's been no real updates since launch. The game crashes a lot on the PS4. I bought it for my roommates bday, and he's already bored of it.Also,  I read that the center of the universe was nothing special. So what's the point of the game when everything renders the same over and over again? Literally everything has some sort of common variation and it gets very very boring after one hour.If you like these types of games, I'd highly recommend it. If not, I would not buy it since the developers don't seem to care about the community and the game isn't anything as what it was advertised. Seriously 59.99 for an indie game? It's not worth more than 9 in my opinion. Minecraft has a better story line. I'm not saying all Indie Games are like this, but it was definitely false advertising on their part.  It's great for a few hours....then you realize your doing the same thing over and over. I really tried to like this game, in fact defended it's short comings. I thought "no all those bad reviews must be indie haters. Well now I'm in the bad review camp. Hello Games willing deceived gamers. Period. Completely falsely represented their game. Don't believe it? Just run a quick Google search for proof. STAY AWAY from it and beware that amazon has a no return policy on digital content if you decide to try it. If you decide to try it (under your own risk) beware that you'll find a completely broken, incomplete and false game, very different from what is being advertised AND CHARGED for. Had to buy the digital copy as the physical one was arriving late and i was to simultaneously play whilst other friends where playing so we could attempt to meet up in game, so now i have two copy's ( i have the physical copy to a co worker who has since stopped playing as well.) you cant see another person in game. there is apparently no ending to the game as it was apparently never finished. there is too much missing from the game that was advertised/promised.  the freebie/perks from the limited edition that i bout as well are useless. Maybe in 2 years after they have done some serious updates it may be playable.  but until then its a pass. and id like a refund. Firstly, this is NOT a multiplayer game.  In an exploration game, I typically expect usable maps.  You operate at 3 levels in the game, planetside (no map at all), local space (no map at all), and warp from system to system (map with very, very limited information).  The planets, after a while, all look the same.  Minor variations, I grant you, but very minor.  This one looks more reddish, the next blue.  One has a crab, the next has a pile of goo for a critter.  This planet has a lot of water, this one is dry.  This one kills you with cold, or acid rain, or radiation (yes, many/most planets actively kill you).  Whee.  There are aliens in the game.  However...  On a given planet or space station you might meet ONE single example of an alien race (as in one specific individual, never a bunch of one race wandering around).  At the start, you don't speak any of their languages, and you learn each one a single word at a time (so you end up seeing stuff like "ahf lheqfb  afbo78 72l%^ minerals  kis hdfuo3".  Get used to it.  You are very limited inventory-wise, and upgrades to your equipment, rather than sensibly altering the existing item, actually take up an additional inventory slot (so, if your space suit, with say 12 slots, 3 of which are taken by gear, is upgraded to provide you more stamina, then the gear takes 4 slots and you have 8 to carry resources).  As an example, at only a few hours in the game, I had found 8 possible upgrades to my multi-tool (mining laser, weapon, binocs/bio scan, and area scanner, taking 4/5 slots); I could only apply one upgrade.  Naturally, swapping between them requires numerous resources on hand, and you don't get them all back (so you can't swap upgrades freely depending on the situation)  Even though I often like exploring in games, and I absolutely love crafting, I found playing this game to be one frustrating step after another.  Your mileage might vary, but I would strongly recommend avoiding this game. This game better get better, I bought the DLC.  Talk about boring.  It is mostly the grinding you do in other games, but no storyline.Let's just rename this game to A Landscapers Grind.  Instead of going to other planets you go to someone else's yard and plant stuff and mow the lawn.  Then go to someone else's lawn, repeat over and over and over and over.I was at first interested because of the hype.  I didn't look at any videos or reviews to keep it mysterious.  So I bought the download version when the game was released.So loading up the game... No introduction .. just drops you in the game, kind of like amnesia and not knowing why you are there.  So you have to figure out what is going on while walking around looking at stuff for 10 to 30 minutes.  Then start seeing how the planet, tools, and ship interact.  I found that to be a decent challenge as I didn't know what the game was about.  Then get off the planet go to the space station which is a plane simply design.  Go to another planet and start grinding minerals, doing the same yhing on the other similar looking planey.  However there isn't much of a gaming reason to keep doing this and I started seeing its kind of bland.  No interaction with the animals or buildings city's, Army, or building self automated resource machines ... Nothing to keep feeling like your building much.I could go outside and move around rocks in my yard and get kind if get the same kind of experience.Update:I meant the Download Code, 'not DLC.But if I think of it as a simulation game, that is better.  And they should have advertised it that way.  Still hard to get into the game because it is so mundane.  Lacks depth to keep me interested.Have fun either way! This game was a huge disappointment.  I was really looking forward to this game and playing a game like this game was promised to be.  I was so intrigued on what the story line was going to be and how they kept the story line under lock and key so well... well in hindsight it was fairly easy for them to keep the story line hidden from the public because.... well there is no story line.  It is like a ultra repetitive space exploration of utter boredom where the highlight of your day is finding the correct stupid mineral to mine so you power your stupid hyperdrive to get you off a god forsaken planet where the most exciting thing you did was take a picture of some ridiculous looking animal that you can upload to a data base powered by... oh who really cares.  The only hope for this game is patches.... and massive amounts of them.  I would not buy this game for another year, if ever... and if I had the option I would try to get my money back. This is ridiculous.  I bought this game over Battlefield 1, which I don't have enough money to buy.  If I could return this game, I would, but I bought it electronically.  This game is a lie.  Almost nothing shown in trailers is in the game.  It is basic as could be.  Trading?  There aren't enough resources to bother trading and the vendors never have enough to make it worth anything.  Exploration?  The planets are all the same.  I can only remember 2 of my approximately 35 planets I've gone to and that was a frozen planet and one that was full of grass with special orbs that put me at 5 star wanted level if I picked them up.  Speaking of which... Survival?  Non-existent.  I have yet to die in my roughly 15 hours of playing.  I haven't even had my shields go down yet in a fight with sentinels.  They are a joke.  Factions?  Don't bother.  I've learned over 60 words with the Korvax (I've only discovered a total of 3 alien races) and I still can't understand them.  Also, if I'm being beat up by space pirates, they won't even help me.  WHAT!?!?!?!?!?  The amount of times I've saved one of their traders and they can't help me?  Really?  Oh and the ships are identical.  The only difference is the cargo space and the design.  The designs are all relatively the same.  Ugly science ships, cool fighters, and decent trader ships, at least that's what Murray called them.  They handle the same, have the same firepower, etc.  Story is none.  The little texts they give try to sound so serious that I just quit reading them after a while.  Boring!  If I could get a refund, I would in a heartbeat.  Then I would wait a week for BF1 reviews to come out because this is the last time I get screwed over by a hype-train and lies.  Just don't buy this garbage.  Sean and Hello Games haven't even had the guts to reply since this was a scam.  The UK is investigating this game for fraud if that tells you anything. This game was a waste of money.  It is described perfectly by others saying it is a mile wide but an inch deep.  If you have been listening to Sean Murray as i have you were told about countless amazing features that were going to be included in to the game.  I was looking forward to space battles, factions that i could join, water worlds, sand worlds, exploration without resource harvesting, different play styles, ship classes, alien traits, hacking, faction battles on planet and planet side portals.  But literally NONE of it was included in the game.  NONE OF IT! Over the course of 2 years Sean was saying there was multiplayer over and over until recently where he back tracked and said do not look for it but it is included.  And what we found out on day 1 was that it was not included.  This is a developer lying over and over over a game and its features.  It would not surprise me that hello games will have a lawsuit on its hands over this game and its lies.  Stay away from this game and its hype, i do not think its even worth a $20 dollar price tag. 3/10 [For a small (but ultimately personally inconsequential) correction and update to my review, skip to the bottom.]<Original review>I wasn't onboard the No Man's Sky hype train prior to release.  I preordered a few days before release date, practically on a whim, just so I could get it quickly and try it out.Initially, I was very pleased with the game:  it felt like early-days Minecraft survival mode on a galactic scale, and I felt almost like I was returning home.  If I would have reviewed it during that honeymoon phase, I would have given it 4, perhaps 5 stars, with caveats.Earlier this evening, after having put several hours of gameplay into the game every day since release, I was determined instead to leave a 3-star review, based on the fact that the game is so very buggy.  I've had far too many crashes to count.  I once had a crash loop that ended with me crashing 6 times before I could make any progress in the game, and one of those crashes was on the title screen.  Actually, I've now had two separate crashes while on the game's title screen--I wish I had something witty to say about that, but I don't, so I'll just repeat it:  this game has already crashed twice on the very first screen it opens to, mere seconds after launching.But everything has changed yet again, and not for the better, hence my current one-star rating.  This game's save feature is very poor:  you can manually save only at certain types of beacons on planets, and otherwise you auto-save when exiting your ship.  This may sound like a good system on the surface, but it's fatally flawed.  You cannot have multiple save files, so if your one save file ever becomes corrupt, or is saved during a certain-death scenario, then it is really and truly game-over.  This is exactly what happened to me.  I landed on a planet, and somehow (unknown to me at the time) my ship landed just inside a mountain (outside of the playable map).  When I exited my ship, my one and only save file was automatically overwritten with my character falling inexorably to their death below the surface of the planet.  Even using my jetpack, I cannot get back above ground or into my ship.  Dying only causes me to (lose my entire inventory, and then) reload and experience the same thing over again.  Manually reloading my game-save (via closing the application and restarting), of course, merely puts me right back at the beginning of the slow, inevitable fall to my character's ultimate doom.Other developers know their games are buggy, and they make concessions:  multiple save-files, staggered auto-saves, etc.  Bethesda comes to mind.  Not so with Hello Games--they couldn't be bothered to safeguard their players' character data whatsoever.I am utterly baffled that this game was seemingly not play-tested to any appreciable degree, yet it somehow managed to pass Sony's certification process.  I really, really liked this game after I started playing it, despite all its flaws, despite what we now know to be half-truths (being generous) from the developers prior to release, and despite what inevitably would have become mind-numbing boredom given a few more tens of hours of gameplay.  But this is a completely unfinished, unpolished, and ultimately unplayable piece of software.  It's obvious, given what I did see and enjoy during my time with this game, that the developers have vision and talent--which makes it all the more depressing that none of that matters since they couldn't be bothered work out the bugs prior to shipping (and/or day-one patching) the game.I'm not sure who I'm more disappointed with:  the developers themselves, or publisher Sony who is obviously complicit in this farce.  This is a full-priced console game, published by the console-maker:  things have obviously gotten very much out of hand.  Until this incident, I have never thought that the entire concept of preordering games might be fundamentally flawed, but now I am determined to be much more careful with my limited gaming funds.  I feel like I got burned on a failed Kickstarter project that was rushed out in an unfinished state.  So I advise anyone similarly concerned to do what I now plan on doing:* Don't preorder games, full stop.* Read reviews from all the major trustworthy gaming publications before making a purchase.* Check reddit threads, Amazon user reviews, and--for high-profile releases--even news articles for mentions of major issues like crashing, bugs, game-ending flaws, etc.* Wait for one or even two major patches (beyond any day-one patch) before pulling the trigger on that sweet new game.I think it's time to move to PC gaming--if my game is going to crash every two hours, it might as well be crashing in glorious 1440p60.  ;-)<end of Original review>Edit:"A customer" commented about the multiple auto-saves.  This undocumented (since the game auto-loads your most recent save file from the title screen) feature of having precisely *one* previous save file (not two) does exist:  there are merely "current" and "previous" save files.  Evidently, upon death, yet another auto-save is triggered:  another bad design choice.  Since both saves are in the exact same spot, this does me no good.  Both my saves are in the exact same doomed location, but minutes apart.  There is no third save file.  My character is still completely unplayable. This game does not live up to it's hype.  Talk all you want about lush landscapes and generated whatever, I did not desire to buy an arts program.  Heaven forbid this being a space sim game.  If I desired a video pattern generator, I probably would have renewed my Sound Spectrum.  I'm sure every other review has blasted this game beyond belief already. But it deserves all the hate it's gotten. This should not have been a full price release. Everything you see and do in the first hour of the game is what you'll be doing for however long you play it. Every planet is different and unique and no 2 planets have the same lifeforms. But they are the same. They just have a different look.  It's a bare bone game wrapped just right to appear like more. Even the developers have gone totally silent on social media.  No word if they are going to improve anything. Its called no mans sky because no man should bother with these skys. Most falsely advertised game in the history of gaming. Though it isn't the worst game ever, this game is a huge disappointment. Not what you want if you're looking for a true space Sim. If u want a true space simulation experience and a game 100 times better than this, do yourself a favor and get a decent gaming PC and play Star Citizen. Like so many others, I was really looking forward to this game. I even left work a bit early so as to get home and start playing. The first 15 minutes were pretty good. I was enjoying the scenery, traipsing across a planet... Each time I saw a ship of some sort come streaking through the atmosphere I thought, "hey cool. I hope that's another player..." then quickly found out that the other ships in the game are just part of the environment, may as well be clouds. then the crushing reality sets in...You as a player are utterly, hopelessly, alone. So I figured I'd just settle in and explore this ridiculously sized galaxy. Id find some element, find items, fix my ship, find some more items, fix my ship, find something else... then find out my inventory was full. "hmmmm, now what", "well I guess i'll sell some of this stuff." and sell I did... just so I could open my inventory, find some more elements, items, gear. sell those items, find some more. After my ship was fixed, I thought, i'll leave this planet, the next one is probably cooler anyway. So I exited the atmosphere into space, shot some asteroids... "oh good, more items to collect." nope sorry, inventory is full. Finally made it to the next planet, and promptly set about looking for a place to sell my items. Just  so  I  could  find  more  items... and whats worse, the only thing different on the new planet was the color palate.See here is why I really started to loath this game, its not exploring. Its hoarding items and gear, set in a space type universe. I say type, because lets face it, the only thing space related to this game is vast openness of nothing. The style is very, well stylized. which would be fine if there was something to do in the game, but there really isn't. its just more of the same everywhere you go. gather, fix, refuel, gather, sell, gather, leave for a new place. And no, don't tell me "but" that the universe is 18 quintillion systems large. because who the hell cares? could be infinite for all I care. its not something you can prove as a player, or experience.  this game is a metaphor for my life. I get up, shower, eat a bowl of cereal, go to work, get treated like crap, go home, cook dinner, get treated like crap, go to bed... start all over the next day....basically, this game IS my life and well, I play games to escape this soul crushing reality. I'll stick to Elite Dangerous, and look forward to Star Citizen. Which I think is what No Mans Sky was supposed to be. For the first time in god knows how long, I took a game back to the local game store. I was debating about giving this two stars, but after further thought and remembering the feeling of being cheated of my  $60 due to the repetitive nature of this game and it's false promises, it deserves a one star rating from me.When the game was first revealed, it showed so much potential. Everything looked so beautiful. Fast forward 2-3 years to release and we get a product that doesn't live up to the hype. Instead, we are greeted with a steaming plate of disappointment.There is one thing that truly pissed me off as this game neared release. The developer for the game always dodged certain questions and answered them indirectly. Allow me to explain one important question they avoided: They did NOT at any point before the game's release say there wouldn't be multiplayer. They just said there would be a very small chance that you'd see other players in the massive world.On launch day, two streamers managed to get on the same planet, same outpost, and talk to the same NPC all at the same time. But guess what? They couldn't see nor interact with one another. The developer gave a sketchy response to this, and pretty much dropped from the face of the Earth (or in this case, Reddit).I truly felt cheated. Not only was there no real multiplayer in this game (which had SO much potential!), the game is quite repetitive after the first few hours of gameplay. Now for those that don't know, the game's main goal is to reach the center of the universe. As much as I now despise this game, I will not spoil it for those who want to give it a try.The only thing that this game had going for it was its 18 quintillion "randomly generated" planets and animals/NPCs. I can tell you right now, that you will be disappointed after 10-15 planets. Sure it is cool for the first few planets, but then you realize that they are almost similar to one another with another skin just pasted on top. On another note, the random animals you will encounter are NOTHING like the ones in the trailer you saw a while ago. These creatures are randomly generated and have no climate preference or traits for said climate. For example, you may end up seeing a green floating crab with tentacles on a burnt down scorching planet. It just makes no sense.The game follows a repetitive formula: Land on planet, grab resources, fly out of planet, restock resources, eventually build materials to warp, warp to new system in hopes of reaching the Center of the Universe, rinse and repeat. This got old and boring really fast. There has even been a case where someone got a fully loaded suit and ship all on his starting planet!On another note, this game lost 90% of it's player base just one week after release. If this isn't a red flag, then I do not know what is!If you still have plans to purchase this game, please purchase this when it goes on sale. It is truly not worth the $60. I was truly disappointed in this game, but I won't stop you from buying it if you really want to give it a try. Just do your research prior to purchasing (or renting) this game. Hate to give it 1 star after following the game's production for years, but the studio responsible is just about the worst in the business when it comes to public relations, communication with the fan base and false advertisement. Hours of video showing off features that never made it to the game have been shown for years, and are still being shown as trailers to this game. It was enjoyable for a few days, but once you get all your upgrades, and realize there is nothing behind the locked doors, you'll realize that the journey to the center of the galaxy is actually pointless. I was most excited for exploration and ship flying, both of which leave a ton to be desired. Exploration gets boring when the planets start all looking the same, with the same resources, same sort of creatures and same outposts. The game holds your hand when flying your ship. You can't crash it or even fly low over the ground which kills all sense of atmospheric exploration. Unless of course you are buying this on PC, in which the great modders of the world are fixing many of the huge issues of the game. Some people seem to believe that Hello Games is gonna update this game to it's full potential, that is definitely something I will believe when I see it. Just take a look around the rest of the internet for all the issues with this game and it's studio. NMS is terrible. Waste of my time and a serious case for misleading advertisement. Yes, i bought into it. And i regret it. NMS looks great at first but by planet 3 or 4 you realize that its a great coat of paint with no depth. What can I say that hasn't already been said. A game about exploration that punishes you for exploring. As soon as you start to get in a bit of a discovery grove: "Oh no, my exo suit's life support is dropping! Better go spend 5 minutes shooting at the same rocks I've shot a couple of hundred times already."I haven't seen anyone else mention when you fly by hostile ships and they shoot you down 3 on 1 and you're not even four hours in and have no idea how to dogfight.DON'T GET THIS GAME No Man's Sky was a game that over promised and under delivered. From all of the information I saw before the game launched, I was led to believe it would have features that it certainly did not. And I wasn't expecting a game that held so little fun - playing this felt like having a second job where all I did was shoot rocks all day.I will say that there were moments of wonder for me. I remember a specific time while playing that I ducked into a series of caves and just walked around for the longest time, ultimately getting lost but not really caring. It was meditative. It was relaxing. It was the sort of experience that I could have started to forgive the game for!But eventually I got back to my ship to leave the planet, only to find the ship didn't have enough fuel and I would thus need to shoot rocks. And soon thereafter my encounter suit would need recharging, thus forcing me to shoot other stuff. And before completing all that, my almost depleted gun would need charging as well, forcing me to shoot even more things. All this so I could leave the planet, fly to a space station that was like the last 10 space stations I had flown to (single alien on board without a babblefish device) so I could trade what little I had acquired for money, so I could fly to another planet and start the whole thing again.I'm sorry, but if asked if I would rather see the dentist or play No Man's Sky until I reached its "goal", I'd always go with the dentist option. At least that would be over quickly and entail a lot less pain. Game was not what it promised. Missing features and very repetitive. Flight mechanics are poor and the game leaves you with no real sense of purpose or growth. Wish i would have pushed for a refund on this game. Even the big sellers of beautiful and creative actually get repetitive very quickly/ Just do your self a favour and do not buy this game at full price, this is not a AAA title that deserves $60 wait for it to become $14.99.The game is presents a beautiful UI and that's it, it repeats itself with every planet you visit because of the procedural generation.Also if you tried to write a critic on any of the gaming sites, you will get attacked by fanboys and maybe developers, instead of fixing the game they just keep trying to blame us for not understanding the game."No Man's Sky" should be "No Man's Buy"  I saw someone describe each different planet as changing wallpapers on a computer background--nothing substantive changes, but the colors are different. The massive scale is impressive, sure, but once you realize there isn't too much separating one planet from another, it gets really boring really fast. If you're still considering buying even after reading the plenty of negative reviews (and there are those who actually do like the game), watch some videos of gameplay. Anyone buying this game should know full well what they're getting into. Unfortunately, the way in which the game was advertised and promoted does not reflect actual gameplay. Huge disappointment. This was a very cool idea I love space I love open world games but unfortunately it was not what I was expecting. The controls kinda suck you do the same thing over & over....If your into the mindcraft kinda games you might like it. I think it's a love hate game which is a shame. I really wanted this to be that game that had a wow factor to separate it from the rest. You are dumped in a planet with no explanation or helpful hints.  The game is very slow to start and you have to build everything to even begin playing and get to the good part.  This game could have been a lot better.  Poor RPG/exploring game.  If you like exploring games try Fallout, dragon age inquisition. Another space game is Destiny, however more of a shooter game .  Even Minecraft is more addicting and fun for an adult than this game. Pre-Ordered and played on release day, while on the planet I switched over to the pre-ordered ship and encounter that game breaking bug (can't do anything since).  Game should have been sold as $19.00 at best or an indie download instead of full price.  Developer went dark (in to hiding) - check the latest gaming news regarding these people.  Game is collecting dust at the moment just like my virtual presence of nothingness in a faraway world of nothing, forever lost in a black hole.  Never again Hello Games. Like the majority of the reviews, great for about 30 minutes then just grind, repeat, grind.  Does not live up to what promised or any expectations of the game.  Imagine if you paid full price for a brand new fully loaded BMW or Mercedes sedan and you were given a base model VW Beetle instead.  Yes, it still functions but where are all the bells and whistles you paid for? I will start by saying that this has been my most anticipated game for years.  This is actually an amazing little indie game.  What other game can you hop in your spaceship, leave your planet's atmosphere, fly across a realistically sized solar system, enter another planet's atmosphere, and touch down and land on that planet... ALL WITH NO LOADING SCREENS...  The problem is, that is all there is to do.  The lack of content in this game makes $60 an absurd asking price.  We were expecting Skyrim in space, but all we got was a stripped down version of Minecraft.  If Hello Games would have went for a more appropriate price point ($15-20) and were honest about the features; they would have avoided the mess they are in now.Below I lay out how your experience with this game will be:Your first couple of hours:-You are confused, dealing with a frustratingly small inventory and clunky controls, and trying to figure out what you are supposed to be doing with ZERO tutorials...Your next few hours:-This is the good part.  You become more comfortable with the inventory and clunky controls.  You start to understand the grind; mine resources, earn money, purchase and craft weapon/suit/ship upgrades.  You appreciate the immense size of this universe.Your last few hours:-You now realize that this is the extent of the game.  All planets look the same.  All space stations are identical.  All aliens and interactions are identical.  All ships fly identically, only difference being sought after inventory slots.  You realize that the features promised by Hello Games are simply not there.Considering the false advertisement leading up to the long delayed release at a full $60 AAA price point... I can't recommend this game at all. My initial experience with NMS was very positive but I am updating my review now that I've had a bit of time to explore what the game actually has to offer and sadly it is not much.  What Hello Games did not tell people while promoting No Mans Sky is that for all the talk about unlimited possibilities that the game only has one thing to do... grind.  Even if you enjoy the idea of just walking around various alien worlds the reality is you can't do anything without gathering resources to refuel/recharge ad nauseam, hence the grind.  I wish I could recommend this game, I love the aesthetics of the art and music and I love the idea of exploring the universe.  The problem is there is no actual game to be had, it doesn't matter if there are 18 quintillion planets where there is nothing do to even on 1 outside of a tedious grind.  And this doesn't even begin to touch on the fact that nothing in the actual game looks nearly as dynamic or engaging as any of the trailers they promised but that's another story all together.  I highly recommend passing on this, even if it were $10. I'm sure everyone is already heard this several times over but this game got really old really fast. In fact at one point by the time I was in my third star system I was at the space station and I kid you not every single one of the traders in the other ships all have the same name. This is actually quite sad because the game had so much potential and it was all squandered. Nomans sky has easily been probably the worst investment that I have made video game wise in a very long time. This has got to be the worst waste of $60 ever. The game company completely lied AND they wont give refunds. COMPLETE FALSE ADVERTISING. There is no multiplayer, no space battles, no reaosn to even play the game. SPOILER ALERT, once you reach the center of the galaxy NOTHING happens. It simply puts you into a "new" galaxy and you start over doing THE SAME THING. There are only TWO sentient life forms in the entire game.WHAT WERE YOU THINKING HELLO GAMES. Complete Scam, the game didn't deliver anything that it had promised, by the first few minutes you will feeling most bored and ripped off. I wish I could trade this game for a decent value at least, but most places now will only pay you $12 for it :(  Fun and different for first 2-3 hours, then you realize you are stuck in a huge boring repetitive loop. Similar disappoint playing the mad max game that came back a while ago. Could be great, but over promised and under delivered.Updated-  reduced my rating to 1 star. No patches yet or updates to make the game worth playing. CRASHES CONSTANTLY!  I've actually cancelled other pre-orders because of this game....Never again. This game severely under-delivers on the hype.  Every planet is basically the same, with a bit of variation of color palette.  There are no oceans, no rivers, no volcanoes, no deserts, and no differences between the poles and the equators.  Every planet has the same gravity, the same generic 'aliens' with the same dialogue choices, a few similar plants and animals, the same outposts, and the same limited equipment.  There are a handful of spaceships that all handle the same.  There is no multiplayer, and virtually no story to speak of besides land on a planet, gather the same three resources, and fly to the next system/planet.It is a pretty game.  And a pretty boring game.  If you're at all interested, wait a year and you should be able to pick up a used copy for $5. Do you want to know what its like to feel alone in space, with no objective but to laser things apart? Then this is the game for you! This game is a rinse and repeat process of collecting random minerals to create random stuff. There is no real goal aside from getting to the center of the universe, and once you do (SPOILER ALERT!), you start right where you left off, but it another dimension. Aside from the different colors you see in each planet, this game is the same thing repeating endlessly. Amazing attempt at something unheard of in a game, but it missed the mark by a galaxy or ten. I was very upset with the lack of depth and story. I would not recommend this game to anyone, at least until it is backed up with some groundbreaking DLC or price drops to $10. I don't review games often but this is one of the few games I have become bored with and completely regret purchasing within 2-3 hours of playing, so I had to come here to warn others about it.This is nothing more than a gathering and crafting simulator, and many games have done this in a much more entertaining way.The graphics are beautiful, but repetitive. The world feels dead and bland, despite the colorful graphics, and a game like Dark Souls has much more exploration.Exploration is about quality, not quantity - all this game has to offer is quantity and even that is just a limited number of assets rearranged in different ways. Exploration is about the feeling you get, wondering what's right around the corner. It's not about endless roaming around in a space filled with trees and rocks.Combat isn't even worth mentioning - the game tries to be shooter but also does this poorly.All in all, I felt like I was wasting my life playing this after the first hour. If you want nothing more than to wander around aimlessly with a robotic voice beeping at you that every thing is low at 75% capacity and crab spiders that are 3 in tall being your biggest threat then have I got great news for you!  If you are looking for endless variety of planets beyond "that rock is a slightly different color" then this is not the game for you.  If you have watched interviews where they promised multiplayer, this is not the game for you.  If you are looking at the promotional images of giant walking robots or epic space battles that are still being shown on the Amazon page but do NOT exist in game then this is not the game for you.  If you saw the launch trailers where giant worm monsters are snaking through ruins in a desert landscape going in and out of the sand then and thought "Wow!  That looks great!  Thats a launch trailer!  That must be in the game!" then this is not the game for you becuase its not.  If you want more than the same 5 or 6 logic puzzles presented to you over and over that are so easy a 5 year old could solve them then this is not the game for you.  If you want great space combat then this is not the game for you.If you want to explore epic landscapes in low res but thought Minecraft was too cheap then this is absolutely the game for you!  If you think "Gee golly wilikers I wish my PS4 would crash every five minutes!" then you should absolutely play this game!  If you look at steam greenlight pre-alpha games and think "Well, these would be great if they just cost 5 times as much and nothing else was changed" then buy this game!  If you watched any of the interviews with Sean Murray and thought that a game would be perfect if it had nothing that he promised then you should absolutely buy this game!  If you change the hue settings on you TV and think that is "endless variation" then this is absolutely the game for you!  If you suffer from short term memory loss and wish a game would give you a loud reminder on screen and in your ear every five seconds of every possible change then this is perfect for you! At first I was impressed... and then I wasn't.  Game gets very repetitive quickly.  This is a $20 indie game at best.  In my opinion it does not come anywhere close to what the publisher laid out in their plan.  It has fallen far short of what it was promised to be. Word of advice to players: If you're on the Atlas Path, you have to grab an Atlas stone from each station, instead of going to another set of planets (for resources like I *had* to do), then coming back, because then your entire game will be screwed up and you'll have no choice but to restart the game completely. This really hits hard especially if you're, like I was, two Atlas stones away from completing the Atlas Path.Coupled with the crashes and bugs and JOURNEY MILESTONE COMPLETED... no. Just, no. Think of all of the household chores that you have been putting off doing: taking out the trash, laundry, dishes, cleaning, mopping, dusting, yard work, picking up, etc. All of these activities are actually more fun than playing No Man's Sky. The day it was released, I sat down and spent an evening playing No Man's Sky. After putting in several hours, I realized that I was not having fun. In fact, I was actually really bored. After about 5-6 hours of complete boredom, I turned the game off and decided to wait for the developers to patch it. Weeks have gone by and several patches have been released, but I am in absolutely no hurry to pick it back up. I know that this game has received lot of hate on the internet lately, and deservedly so. For all of the hype and buildup surrounding the release of No Man's Sky, this is a very disappointing release to say the least. To top it off, charging full retail price for such a lackluster and boring game game feels like a slap in the face to many gamers. Keep in mind that this is not a AAA release (although the price would say otherwise). It is more like an "art" project from an overly-ambitious independent studio. No Man's Sky is not fun, feels like a chore, and is overhyped and overpriced. Sorry Fable 3, No Man's Sky has now taken your crown as the most overly-hyped and disappointing game ever released. The game I had expected it to be and the actual game it was were two different things. The game was extremely dull, very little to acomplish except explore the galaxy and name planets you find. No human contact ever which really sucks. I feel if they added a friend option to start the game with a friend it would at least give you an added bonus to waste time with somebody rather than feeling like Will Smith in I am Legend. Even then will smith had a dog that could do things and give him company. This game your alone in a boring galaxy with really nothing worth doing.  This should have been a game you play on your phone or tablet, not a console game. It was a huge let down. I don't write game reviews but I can't ever recall feeling this burned by a purchase as an adult. What else is there to say? The game that's sold is not the game that was pitched or marketed. The current version of No Man's Sky is basically a screensaver / $10 indie demo. It's not bad per se (incredibly boring maybe), but it is complete false advertising by Hello Games and Sean Murrary.Sony / Amazon ought to offer refunds for anyone who bought this game.  This game is very polarizing at the moment. The reviews clearly indicate this. Me personally, I appreciate what this game has to offer beyond belief. Me loving the Cosmos series and admiring individuals like Carl Sagan and Neil Tyson, I immediately fell for what I was playing even if this game is of course not as multiplex as our actual universe.I believe this game is for the imaginative...the inventive..the unorthodox...those who consistently are curious about the universe and what lies beyond and are not just going about their life without some fanciful thought or thoughts about their purpose as an organism in a universe we may only know less than 1% about. It is that deep in my opinion as individuals put their life and soul into this project.If your unsure of this game or see it as boring... Just imagine how much can be added along the way. The possibilities are endless and this game is unique in that way. I cannot recall a game that rattled the cage so much so to speak on both ends. One cannot argue that the concept isn't brilliant even if the execution fell short in your opinion. So, just imagine the continuous improvements that will be just as or even more superior in brilliance.So far....im having a ball.UPDATE: 9/7....I have never purchased a game and stopped playing it so soon... this game is garbage juice.....please...stay away from this...I will wait for star citizen. Lying..money grabbers. Nothing promised was in the game. Everything was a lie. NO you cannot find your friends and play together. NO you cannot use coordinates to find your friends. Theres no way to play with one another like promised. Everything becomes super repetitive and the hacking and shooting, and crafting all becomes very tideous and worst of all. The end of the game is SUCH A DOWNER. SPOILER ALERT. You get sent back to the beginning and start all over again. All the ships and people will look very similar until they start just repeat all over again. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME. !@#! IT. This game would have been great if not for the fact it crashes every 5-10 minutes. Now lets get to the bad stuff no multiplayer i understand they said it would be rare and its unlikely to run into another person but they should have just said it was not in the game out front instead of hinting it was in the game to begin with even rare meetings would be fine but as proved by 2 people on twitch you cant even see other people,you cant get to planets you have been before easily and no plot at all even people who got to the center just had to restart. This game is a massive fail by hello games and will ruin the devs future games because no one will buy a game from them at 60$ again or at the very least pre-order granted some people enjoy this game they are to few and the minority. If this had been 15-20$ people would be more forgiving but its a 60$ indie game competing on the AAA title level so of course its going to come up short all in all if you buy it and enjoy it more power to you. I personally would wait until it comes down in price. In the end this game was falsely advertised and a bad execution of a good idea... If I could give this game a zero star review I would. When this game came out I really wanted to like it and at first I did. Then I kept playing... This game is the same thing over and over. Literally the only point to the game is to collect resources. The game is missing many of the features that where promised before release so much so that the game feels like a early access game that I payed $60 dollars for. Save your money don't buy this game unless just grinding for resources is your thing. Oh and PS, the whole goal of getting to the center of the galaxy totally not worth getting there to the point that there is literally no worth while goal in this game. definitely not worth $60.  I feel a bit cheated.  --UPDATE Sep 1st--  My wife walked into the room yesterday and said "wait, are all the planets pretty much the same??"  .... so what this tells us is that a very very outside observer has noted that those 18 quintillion planets are all pretty much the same except for the color. As a result, I'm dropping this review down to 1 star... Even after update 1.07 I'm still having crashed for opening menus.  I wasn't even into the hype of the game coming out, but after sitting with it for a good 20+ hours I can say that it doesn't get any better, there's just nothing there.. Fun for a while if you like exploration games, definitely not what the trailers advertise.  They are also being clandestine on if the features which were prominently shown in trailers may be future paid DLC.  All in all probably the biggest let down of a game in recent memory.I have about 20-30 hours played on it and haven't picked it back up since it's initial two weeks of release, whats worse is I have no desire to. The creators promised so much. Too much in fact, because most elements and features they promised were never delivered. While the concept of the game is very cool, it falls very very short. After visiting 3 planets I could see a repeat of so many animals and plants, despite their promise to have each planet to be 100% unique. I was very disappointed, the game is so boring and has very little to do. The fact it's $60 adds insult to it even more. To make matters worse, the devs promised all doc would be free of charge. After launch they announced that it would be premium. Nothing I hate more than liars. I returned this in for a full refund, no way will I support liars. Don't waste your money or time with this failed game. It's a perfect example why indie developers should be allowed to charge full price. While this game has been crushed by its own hype, I have to say that it still has some fun elements. Though there is no multi-player as advertised this was not a problem for me as I do not really enjoy multi-player games. After playing for a long while I enjoyed upgrading my ship but once fully upgraded all there was to do was head to the center of the galaxy. Honestly this became extremely repetitive and a pretty big letdown for me. Honestly a wasted purchase in my opinion. It was entertaining for 2 days, but as every other review has stated. This game is ridiculously monotonous. Not what was promised. I regret spending the money that I did on it, but I still keep it hoping that the developers will make the improvements in the future that will make it the quality game that it has the potential to be. This game is a lie and I wish I could get my money back. If you haven't seen the Reddit post detailing everything the developer lied about then I strongly urge you to read it before purchasing this game. The game is a great concept, but the videos that were shown to promote it are not what you're actually getting. Do your research.  I don't know about the PlayStation 4 version, but on the PC version half the time you exit your ship you are injured.  The ship just throws you out as soon as you land.  God forbid you didn't land in a tree, you get injured hitting the ground.  I've gotten injured by landing on solid ground, but the ship was only slightly angled upwards.  This is complete crap.  I've sent an email to No Man's Sky site with this complaint and am awaiting their response, if any. I have been waiting for this game for a long time. I was incredibly excited for it to be released, and was devastated when they delayed it in June, but now, I wish they would have delayed it for another 3 years so that they could make the game actually playable and enjoyable.Is this game for you? Well, if you like doing the same exact thing over and over again for the same results, seeing the same things just ever so slightly different from the last time you saw it, boring gameplay and over all terribly boring and uneventful games, then yes No Man's Sky is the game for you.As of the time of my writing, the game crashes way to much. Sometimes it crashes before you can load the game up. Also, get ready for hard crashes where your system freezes because it's bound to happen with this game. Don't forget to save your game either, because it sure would be a shame for it to crash before you can hop out of your ship to save it (which happens quite often).Still want the game? You can literally go and watch 1, just 1, gameplay video on YouTube and you have literally seen the whole game. Planets look the same, animals look the same, iron is everywhere, elements look the same, flora looks the same, ships look the same, and don't expect a diverse group of aliens to converse and learn about because you only get 3 species, 4 if you count atlas.The game is huge, sometimes to get from one planet to another planet  in the same system it can take 4 minutes. So get ready to do a whole lot of waiting to see the same thing over again. It's like waiting in line for a children's roller coaster, riding the ride and becoming disapointed, then getting back in line to wait for an hour with hopes that some how the rollercoaster has changed.Space fights are pretty cool, right? Action packed dog fights are always fun.... Except for in No Man's Sky. You turn shoot, turn shoot, turn shoot. That's all. You don't even move, you simply rotate  on your X axis and shoot while the enemy ships circle you.I'm not even going to mention that the possibilities of actually finding another player have gone from slim, to no existent. All I will say is this, Sean Made it seem like you MIGHT (even if just a tiny chance) find another player before the game was released, but as demonstrated by players, it is now impossible to see those other players. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY... Clearly an unfinished broken product. There is a lot reviews talking about false advertising (there is video evidence to support this), however the real crux here is that the game simply crashes every 10 minutes and is unplayable in its current state. I reached out to Amazon, hoping for some kind of recompense however they are hiding behind their no digital return policy regardless of whether I received a working product or not. They seem to have become modern day snake oil salesmen..... sad. The alien newness of planets wears off quickly, even quicker you begin to realize there's absolutely zero point or drive to this game. Every planet has the same resources so there's no push to leave, there is no story and no incentives to do anything in the game, and worst of all, there are only 3 alien races. Who are stationary and are more interested in playing with their space-phones than doing anything.A walking / gathering simulator, I do not recommend. Edited*****I don't understand the hatred for this game. I'm thoroughly enjoying it. Of course it's repetitive, name a game that's not...CoD, repetitive, Assassin's Creed, repetitive, etc, etc. I can fully understand some people's complaints, and they have some valid points, but for me I got the game I wanted, and I hope they expand on it to make it better. I love space. I love exploring. I love science. This game is for me. I have over 30 hours in and I've only been to 5 planets. I have over 13 million credits, a nice new ship, and my suit, multitool, and ship upgraded, and expanded for storage. Now I'm enjoying learning new alien languages, and seeing the new odd creatures on each planet, with the different terrain, and minerals. I love that I can just take off to another system whenever I feel like it.Now I do wish the aliens actually did something besides sit there. I wish there were more actual interactions, or random events that happen, something to break up the monotony of mining, and trading. But for me the fact that I can jump planet to planet, and from the ground to the heavens makes up for it, and I really am enjoying exploring everything. This is a perfect game to fire one up, down a cold one, and relax to. For a game developed by 13 people I'm pretty impressed, and I feel I got my money's worth.Edit*** So after getting some time with this game, I'll say this, its pretty much complete garbage. I can't tell you how frustrating it is to lose everything not once, not twice, no not even 3 times,  but 8 times. I saved at an outpost, and then put my PS4 into sleep mode, only to come back to a game update, which wiped all of my progress completely. The save files were still there, but kept getting an error after they woukd load and show me at the save point, i would take 4 steps, and then it would say saving. Brand new game from there on. Planet's not rendering, zero in the way of gameplay, and after you've been to around 15 planets, you've seen all there will ever be to see. The entire game is get more slots, to carry more upgrades and loot, bjt honestly you only need 3 things, Carbon, Plutonium, and Iron. You can pretty much just get everything you need with those 3 things. I was fully upgradedbon my suit, multiple, and ship after exploring only 9 planet's, and 1.5 systems. I had over 49 million credits, and every slot and upgrade you could get on all 3. I couldn't play for a week and came back, only to find everything I had named and discovered had been wiped. Completely useless, informing game. I have returned it to Amazon because it is incomplete, and fundamentally broken and not working. Save your money.95% of the items that the developer said would be in the game are missing.This is an expensive survival gathering game with very little progression.Expect barren worlds of brown and purple.Buy minecraft or anything else as this is incomplete garbage. " The galaxy is a living, breathing place, with trade convoys travelling between stars, pirates, police and military ships ever ready for action, and planets teeming with life. The same galaxy is also shared by every player of No Man's Sky. Perhaps you will see the results of their actions, as well as your own?" LIES!!! IS NOT A MULTIPLAYER GAME!!! The game has crashing issues on ps4.  It will just crash at random points.  Also, the game isn't what was really advertised.  Look up all the people getting refunds.  The planets are all pretty boring.  You might see some animals but there is no real interaction between species.  You will meet other aliens and each is part of a faction/race.  It was advertised you alignment with races would matter but it really doesn't.  There is no interaction between the different races.  You end up just doing the exact same stuff you do on your first planet to every other planet you visit.  You land, collect resources, scan animals, and discover inactive boring settlements.  It gets boring really fast.  Once you have your ship upgraded and suite upgraded there really is no need to visit planets, just head to the center of universe which is the end. The trailer airing on TV and the actual game are 2 completely different things! This game is awful it's the same barren cold planet with little wildlife and almost nothing but rocks to look at. Amazon and Sony told me to call the other for a refund but because I played a whole 5 hours I get nothing. So now I'm stuck with this garbage. It doesn't actually feel like a real universe, there are no planetary physics and gravity is the same on all planets. There are no actual solar systems. The planets don't rotate around a sun but are stationary, sitting together in a blob. The moons don't even go around the planets.This game might be good after updates but with extremely possible paid DLC I can't justify waiting.All of the various wonders of the universe (neutron stars, supernovas, pulsars...etc) are entirely absent.There are no stars, they're just part of the sky box but you can't fly to them. The planets do NOT orbit the sun or even rotate.The 18 quintillion planets that was so heavily marketed isn't impressive when you realize what that actually means: if you took 11 things and come up with 50 variations for each, that is close to 18 quintillion combinations. Most planets are entirely the same but with different bumps and colors, they have the same objects on them and largely the same resources. Once you've seen the first dozen planets, you've seen them all.There is no actual differences between the ships, except the number of inventory slots. There are no ships specializing for say speed or combat.You don't have a sense of scope / scale to your journey. In the galactic map you can see other stars but there's no sense of where you are in relation to the center of the universe. Likewise you don't have a way to track where you were. No mapping or history, way points or other ways of tracking your progress.There needs to be a way to see how you're progressing and also give some meaning to how far you've gone.You can't actually fly between these systems or go into say the dark space or outer asteroid belt. The only way to travel between them is to open up the map and click warp, which initiates a loading screen animation and loads up the new planets. There is no deep space. You feel like you're in an instance with 3 or 4 planets that are mostly the same, then you load up a new skybox with a new set of similar planets. It's nothing like say Space Engine, where you actually do get a true sense that you're in a real universe.You can't even fly your ship. You can't fly low across a planet as there is an invisible boundary and you can't crash your ship. A.I. don't follow this rule and can fly as close to/through the planet so planetary dog fights are obnoxious.The controls are terrible, it has none of the complexity of other space flight sims.You can't manually land your ship, you simply press a button for it to autoland. Tons of other maneuvers (like entering a space station) are entirely autopilot.The asteroids which are everywhere have insane pop-in issues, they only show up like 50 meters in front of you.The freight ships don't move, they just sit there passively forever. They add zero game-play depth.The space stations are all basically the same and you cannot destroy them.The planets are littered with outposts, all identical and with a single NPC alien standing still and staring into the wall.The NPCs are entirely shallow, there is literally no point to even talking to them since they never say anything interesting and simply give you something random you likely don't need. Even the automated quest giving NPCs in Bethesda games that hand out those Radiant AI quests would be a massive improvement.All of the monoliths are the same, it's nothing but a chore to chase them down. The words you learn don't add any depth to your interactions with the aliens, since they never have anything interesting to say anyway.There are no actual biomes on each planet. Each planet is the same no matter where you land.The animals are build on a couple different skeleton designs, with a bunch of random animal parts scrapped on top of each section to maximize the number of permutations and there is no attempt to make the animal make any sense in it's environment or have anything unique in it's behavior. The animals have no evolutionary history and their behavior is incredibly shallow.There are no tall trees like were shows in E3, they're all saplings. There are no large forests, very rare large creatures. There are no large valleys, huge mountain peaks, no giant volcanos, all terrain is uniformly similar across planets.The grinding which makes up most of the game is not only boring, but frustrating due to the completely messed up inventory management.The interface is absolutely atrocious. It's amazing that it can be messed up this bad, the fact that we need a mod just to remove the requirement that you have to hold each click for a second speaks volumes.You need to load up a menu to do anything, and the menus are terribly designed and completely intrusive and unintuitative. You have to open up the menu DURING space battles to inventively repair your ship.The game is a technical mess. It looks good yet runs with all sorts of frame rate issues. Lots of mirages when it comes to resources you've already taken on the planet. It looks like it's there until you get very close then *poof*.The traveling on foot is insanely slow and tedious. There should have been a buggy or car, or at least some sort of fast jet pack.It fails as a survival game since nothing in the game leaves you threatened. Each planet is seeded with abundant resources, and the few things that do attack you are easily defeated. Compare to mine craft where there's a very definite risk / reward system to exploring a deep cave system. Nothing really threatens you in a meaningful way.The different minerals and resources don't really matter. Since most of the upgrades to explore the universe are yours within the first hour / two hours all the rest are kind of nice add ons.There's no challenge to exploring. There's very little combat and what combat there is is very boring.Inside a solar system there's no way to decide if a planet is interesting or not without actually visiting it. There should be some 'classification' of the planets e.g. class M, class X, etc that allows you to say a certain type of planet might be safe vs unsafe.All planets are accessible right from the start of the game. I was excited about the idea of acid planets, radioactive planets, cold planets ... I was thinking that in order to explore a radioactive planet you'd need to craft some special gear. There was a pretty obviously gameplay loop where the dangerous planets had better minerals / ruins / whatever but were very hard to explore. Instead every planet is basically just a copy of the others.The constant need to recharge things, which don't really serve a purpose. It makes the game very grindy without any positive feedback. Instead of feeling free to explore the world around me I feel annoyed that if I see something cool it means 30 seconds of tedium while I mine the abundant plutonium. I end up not landing and exploring because of how annoying it is that to take off again I have to enter a menu and recharge my ship.None of the aliens interact with each other or have any sort of AI other than 'walk around a bit'.There's nothing to sit and watch. An occasional ship will fly overhead but they don't do anything. You never really/rarely see a battle take place or the ships acting in any sort of interesting manner.```SPOILER```The ending of the game is a massive slap in the face. You just restart the game and work your way into the center all over again.  From a marketing standpoint this game is a Gem from a consumer standpoint this game is a prime example of (False Advertisement) that's why there marketing campaign needed to make as much hype as possible because you're basically buying a (Concept) not a game. It's shocking that the Gameindustry today can release a games like this with little to no consequences there's no uproar there no lawsuits to them we are just stupid people who lost there money because we felt for their SCAM. My son says "If I could find a way to be refunded for my digital purchase without compromising my PSN account, I would. This game is about as deep as a puddle, and in addition to the bugs and the false promises made by the developers, this game has no content. Besides walking around planets and collecting supplies to stay alive, there's nothing else to do, there's no multiplayer, there's no real impact of you naming objects, NPCs are practically cardboard cutouts, there's nothing, and if the point was for the developers to make a game designed to show the vastness of space and ones insignificance, they did a good job." Looked forward to this game for years. Love the idea of a procedurally generated game. But this is nothing more than a crafting game... And broken at that. The galaxy map does not function. You can't tell what planets you have been on. The space stations all look the same. And to sit waiting for ships to land to buy and sell the same 2 items per space station over and over, running back through the same hallways... And watching the same animations that you can't skip... And acrue enough money to buy upgraded ships and extra space in your back pack... Is boring. And somehow I missed the upgrade for my multi-tool and now can't find one anywhere... And have been searching for several days. Early versions were broken... Landing inside the ground!... Unable to get out. What a glorious promise was made... And broken. What a shame. I was highly excited for this game. Unfortunately, the game did not live up to the hype. Maybe if the game was priced cheaper then it would possibly be a more likable product. The fact that the developer pushed their game as a Triple A title with a high price tag is where they completely failed.Not only does the price not sit well with the substance of the game but the missing features that were suppose to be there at release is another low blow.Maybe one day, this game will be amazing. Maybe it will bring in a new generation of gaming. Right now though, I would save your money or wait until it drops in price. Well, as hundred or thousand of players who were expecting so much of No Man's Sky as I did, I have to tell that I'm very dissapointed!First of all, I didn't want to believe all the opinions I heard before my copy was delivered by Amazon in Miami and sent to Costa Rica days later.I tried to cancel my order and It could not be possible! I think that It was the first sign of a big failure. I got my game, put it into the PS4 and it was like an hour and I was almost slept, but I thought: "may be I'm tired, I have to give it another shot"  Let me tell you, people, that yesterday, NMS almost crashed my PS4...never happened to me that the PS4 started to restart over and over... yesterday did it after I tried to launch NMS. I don't know, I'm going to try to get my money back, $60 for nothing, for a very bad game... Like one of my marketing teachers used to say: "There's to be carefull creating higher expectations than reality, there it comes the dissapointments"...he was very right! A little advice... don't buy it... maybe Hello Games tried to do something very good and ambicius, but did not get it!Best Regards! Sean Muray blatantly lied about features that would be in this game. This game has ZERO multiplayer aspect to it. NMS is unfinished and more repetitive than anything I've experienced before it. The interface is complicated and unitelligent at best. There have been 2 updates I'm aware of which basically only serve to correct a few of the numerous glitches and bugs in this game and with no new content announced I don't think there will be any significant change. Congrats Sean Murray, you duped a lot of people and escaped with your winnings It's fun for 20 min, but then you really do the same thing over and over until you get to the center of the galaxy to which you get kicked out to the edge of the galaxy and all your weapon upgrades , suit upgrades, and ship upgrades are destroyed and you start over from scratch. You will not run into other players. I was so excited for this game only to find out it was not even worth the work This game is by far the BIGGEST letdown of any game I've ever played. I'm going to give you a list of reasons as to why, but before I begin I must warn you that this post does contains spoilers!1. PROCEDUARALLY GENERATED PLANETSNow obviously with a universe so big the planets are going to be formed using a formula put together by the developers. However, this makes most of the planets look similar and contain zero life. Most of the planets I've visited are rocky planets with nothing on them. This really ruins the game because there is nothing really exciting to see in the planets. They all start to look the same after awhile.2. GAMEPLAYThis game is so incredibly boring it's insane. You literally mine for minerals, use those minerals to upgrade your stuff, and then move on to the next plant to do the same thing. There is no real sense of purpose except to get to the center. And not even that lives up to the hype....3. THE ENDINGAbsolue garbage. After reaching the center, you literally just enter a new galaxy, with no differences except for the new galaxy's name, Basically making the only point of this game to mine minerals and upgrade your stuff for nothing, because there's no multiplayer at all.MY OVERALL OPINION:This was in no way worth $60. This was more like a $15 game. I could even see this being the free game of the month on PS4 for how bad it is. There's no purpose and the game is reptitve. The planets are boring and baren most of the time, and the lifeforms are as well. Do yoursef a favor and don't fall for the hype. This game was a massive letdown and I'm so mad I wasted $60 on it. I immediately asked for a refund.Sean Murray lied to every gamer that was anticipating this game,  he stated that it would be a multiplayer, that we could customize our characters ,etc.He used false advertisement to sell his product,  and he hasn't faced any legal repercussions. The game is not even finish and should've been 1/4 of the price (15).Save your money !!! Such a disappointing game.  The only good thing about this game is the space to explore.  However, it is incredibly repetitive and easy to notice the formula of the game.  I wasted 60 bucks on this and I am never going to get it back, I have played it one time since the first day I got it on release day.  DON'T BUY THIS GAME.  This is the most disappointing game I have ever played. It is frustratingly boring, repetitive, and pointless, and all possible redeeming qualities are instantly shot down by it's myriad of underlying problems. I admit that I was really excited to play this game for the first few hours, but it quickly sunk in that this was not the game the developers said it was.I shouldn't have pre-ordered this. I feel lied to. This game could have been great if Hello Games delayed the game until it was actually ready!I am returning this game. The official reason? It doesn't work. This game is so buggy and it constantly crashes, even after the post-release updates! It is unplayable garbage and a waste of money. Do not buy this game, you will regret it by the 5th planet you visit. I got the Pre Order Curse.If you get the special ship that you are provided for a pre order, it kills the quest to get a hyperdrive.  So then for the ENTIRE REST OF THE GAME NO SHIPS ARE AVAILABLE WITH HYPERDRIVE AND YOU CAN'T MAKE YOUR OWN.There is no official workaround for this.  If you don't discover this until hours after you lose your hyperdrive, you're out of luck.  Youc an't get back.  Allegedly there was a fix and you would be presented with a quest to obtain the blueprints for the hyperdrive but this is not true.  I get pop up quests every time I approach a planet from space, and it is a quest with an alien, but they have NOT fixed the bug and the alien will not provide blueprints for the hyperdrive.  No ships have hyperdrives, no matter how expensive and advanced.You have to dig into your PS4 save data and manually delete your entire game files to fix this.  The game itself doesn't even have a way to go back more than 2 saves ago.So now I have started over... and lo and behold I am CONSTANTLY being prompted to claim my pre-order bonus of the ship. The very ship that will ruin your game.So now even if I play and avoid that ship, making sure to actually progress, I am still cursed with the constant pop up on the screen advising me to trade in my other ship.  I would hope that if I get the hyperdrive blueprints all sorted on my own, then I could claim that ship and at least do away with the relentless messages telling me to claim it.  But I'm not falling for that trap... not worth the risk. At this point I am still trying to enjoy the game - but this is it.  If I have another major glitch I'm just junking this disc.  not even keeping it for posterity.Don't play the HYPE GAME if you can't handle the HEATNASTY BAD CODING - NO FIX HAS BEEN PRESENTED IN A REASONABLE TIME It was certainly the biggest lie and most repetitive game I have ever played, you can not play with other people, after 3 or 5 hours into the game you find yourself collecting items just to sell them, the controls for the spaceship sucks, the species of animals tend to be almost identical in every solar system, you can not go back to a point in a planet since there is no way to mark it so basically if you didn't take anything you will lose it and to learn 1 language you need to spend countless hours which it makes no sense at all.The worst game I have ever played and won't buy anything on a pre-sale in my life. This game is worth $20-30 at most. The game did NOT match the hype. Game developers lied about the content of the game. Stay away! I'll keep the games as a reminder to never follow the hype train and set expectations for games very low until the reviews are in! No Man's Sky made some big promises and lived up to none of them. There is NO multiplayer, it's glitchy, and there really just isn't much to do. It is a cool concept but is hardly worth $20, let alone a full $60. Do yourself a favor and rent the game first - you'll likely get bored in the first night anyways. !!!!!! UPDATE  August 22,2016 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!! IT HAS BEEN CRASHING 8-12 TIMES PER HOUR!!  I LOSE ALL OF MY PROGRESS! I HAVE DOWN RATED THIS FROM 4 STARS TO 1 STAR!  Bugs bugs bugs! UPDATE: August 14, 2016. I have been playing  this game nonstop since 8-11-16. It is a lot of fun and looks great. Is it buggy? Yes. But what game isn't at launch? It's not the greatest game ever made, nor is the worst. It may not be for everyone, but it's for me. TO ALL OF THE HATERS OUT THERE: Show some Dignity and Class, and give an honest review WITHOUT all of the vulgarity and venom. UPDATE : AUGUST 15, 2016. I FOUND "ATLAS". THE GAME NOW HAS A  STORY THAT IS ENGAGING AND MAKES SENSE. ""ONCE YOU DO, IT WILL BE COOL! If you been keeping up with the Demos, interviews, gameplay videos, and developer statements before the release of NMS, forget ALL that CAUSE ALOT that was shown and promised isn't in the game, multiplayer (being able to find others although rarely) isnt in the game yet was promissed by the developers, highly detailed randomly generated planets with weather elements such as wind effects with massive ai in said planet gone although gameplay vids were shown where other wise; the planets are dull wasteland and practically life less. Space factions where you can embark in space war conflicts or not AS shown in gameplay vids but not in final product.Alot of false promises that were either removed from the game or straight up lied about. Out of 12 ps4 games i purchased this one i truly regret purchasing especially since i pre ordered due to the false promises that were shown and or stated. How does one manage to make such a "huge" game about nothing? That's an answer Hello Games apparently knows all about. By having created a game that is procedural generated you will find yourself constantly running into an endless combination of what feels like familiar and somewhat repetitive elements. Other than the sense of "Discovery" there is no real to keep you playing.This game's worst flaw is it's unwillingness to show you the way and teach you the systems in play and it's over reliance on randomness. Nothing like starting the game crashed in a planet with things you can't kill, no resources you need and hunted by a faceless enemy. Way to go. The only good thing about this game was it taught me the lesson to never buy a game the day it comes out.Millions of similar planets. Useless missions. Pathetic aliens.Do yourself a favor and save your money. This game fails to deliver not only in every aspect of gameplay that it promised to deliver but it fails on all the implied ideas of a game. Nothing happens, nothing you do really matters, there no ending, there's no high score. A tech demo with graphics, performance, and stability issues.  