I purchased the full P90X program from Amazon.  I really enjoy the workouts and I am in better shape thanks to P90X.  However, I need to caution my fellow Amazon customers that if you buy P90X from Amazon (e.g., by Beach Body fulfilled by Amazon) and a DVD is defective or damaged, neither Beach Body nor Amazon will honor a replacement.In my case, the CardioX DVD became defective just after a few uses.  I spoke to a Beach Body representative (in India) yesterday who stated that Beach Body only honors replacements for programs purchased from them directly. Now, normally buying DVDs from Amazon wouldn't be an issue, but too many customers including myself have found that a P90X DVD can become defective. I truly believe there is an inherent problem with how these DVDs are either manufactured and / or packaged because I've never had other DVDs go bad.Ultimately, I ended up buying the entire P90X program AGAIN directly from Beach Body with the lifetime DVD replacement guarantee for just $9.00 more.  I wasn't happy about it, but I found it was a better deal in the long run than replacing one DVD at a time for $30 plus shipping and handling (without a lifetime guarantee).  To reiterate, I'm a  P90X believer (five stars), but Beach Body does not offer customer support for programs sold by our favorite retailer (one star).  Can you imagine if this were the policy for all manufacturers sold by Amazon?  My own purchases would drop by at least 75 percent.  Amazon buyer beware. I was torn between selecting 1 star rating for the product received, in essence the DVDs, or the 5 star rating for the program itself, which I believe to be great. But what good is the program if you cannot play it on your DVD player? Simple answer is "the product is useless". The DVDs are substandard and one by one are becoming unreadable by the DVD player.  I brought up the issue with amazon.com and I was offered a $5 discount applicable to my next purchase.  BeachBody customer service asked for an order number at first, but once they learned I purchased the product from amazon.com, the communication ceased. Now, what was a saving of a few dollars by purchasing this product from amazon.com became a total loss of $153.As an update:Amazon.com customer service replied to my inquiry and offered to give me a $5.00 rebate to be use on any future purchase...Generous, I guess...kind of...I thought initially, until I managed to have a long discussion with a Beachbody.com customer service rep.  In fact, I found out that Beachbody.com offers a $13.90 insurance upon purchase of their product for the lifetime free replacement of any damaged DVD.  Such an insurance is not available through Amazon.com...Why? hmmm, is it possible Beachbody.com as some sort of quality control of their DVDs and sells such rejects through Amazon.com? ...Amazon.com will give you a $5.00 rebate to make you a happy customer...in essence to hush you.As a suggestion for any future buyers.....Buys from Beachbody.com directly and purchase the insurance offered, bypass Amazon.com. If you think this will not happen to you, just read the 1 star reviewers and you ll see this is a very common problem. We are so disappointed in this product from tryagain.  My bad, I wanted to save a few bucks and ended up paying about $90.  The thing looked new, shrink wrapped and everything but from day 1, it would not work well for us. From day 1, the dvds would freeze and would hardly play with normal dvd players. Probably 3 out of the whole set would work okay. We have 5 dvd players and it only plays on 1 and now that it's almost a year old would not play well on that one (BOSE) either. We have The Sony portable DVD player (does not work there, it freezes), Apple Macbook (it freezes the whole computer and we have to shut down for it to come back on), Toshiba portable DVD player (freezes as well), we also have a regular Toshiba dvd player and it does not work there.  It only plays on our Bose, and I guess Bose is really powerful if it can play this crap.  All of our DVD players are of high quality so the problem really is with the DVDs. We tried cleaning the backs, etc. nothing works. What a waste of $90, should have gone with the full price from the get go.What's the point of having dvd's when you can't take it on a trip with you, nor play at another part of the house?I contacted the seller, copying Amazon twice, no response.  We will be buying a second set, most probably direct from Beach Body so  we won't get taken by Amazon's tryagain seller. Wary of buying from Amazon as well direct.Very disappointing. I would highly recommend that you avoid this store.  We purchased a P90x workout program.  Everything arrived quickly and appeared to be in good order: books, DVDs, and boxes in what appeared to be original packaging.  However, only one of the DVDs will play in a normal DVD player (I've tried to play them in three different players) & some don't work in computers.  Bottom line: we're incredibly disappointed.  An absolutely defected item in a well-packaged box.To add insult to injury, the proprietor never responded to our email requesting either a replacement or a refund.  Save yourself time and aggravation.  Go elsewhere. I have found my experience with this product to be very dissappointing. I purchsed the DVD's from amazon and some of them did not work so I responded to amazon who referred me to Beachbody. I contacted beachbody by email and live chat on numerous occassions  and did not get any reply to an email except the automated replies. The live chat assured me they would be back to me within 3 business days. It is now over 1 months since I have been trying to resolve and amazon will no  longer offer full refund and beachbody do not respond. The links to their contact page on the site are also broken. I have heard similar horror stories from friends who have purchased insanity. A great exercise program that is not backed up by any custmer service, frstrating and very dissappointing. My purchase of P90X Extreme Home Fitness Workout Program - 13 DVDs, Nutrition Guide, Exercise Planner by Beachbody came to me quickly and packaged well however the CDs do not work properly!  They are unreadable in all my DVD players and my computer.  Thankfully I have a portable DVD player that reads them so I have to attach that to my TV to do the videos.  Do not waste your money on purchasing this set because chances are they will not work for you.  Spend a little more and buy it from the actual website!P90X Extreme Home Fitness Workout Program - 13 DVDs, Nutrition Guide, Exercise Planner Just found out that "E-shop LLC" which is who Amazon used, sold me a fake copy.  I paid a total of $129.99 and am not happy that I got a fake.  The only real copies come from Beachbody. DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON! BUY FROM BEACH BODY DIRECTLY! I love P90X BUT I wish I had gone by others recommendations and bought from Beach Body.com. I had borrowed this set from a friend and couldn't complete it because I had broken my hand and gave it back to her, so I knew what the real set should look like. What I received was thinner, smaller books (with I believe all of the right info, though) and the DVD case itself was thin paper, unlike the sturdy original which doesn't bend at all. The DVD's themselves appeared as if there were oil stains or other markings on them, no scratches, but they would skip throughout and just stop one of them does not work AT ALL- right out of the box! Also, the beginning of the real P90X gives you the option of playing it with Tony Horton rambling throughout, and a version where you can mute him except for the important parts. These DVD's were so poorly done that it APPEARS to have this option, however you can only select the first one, and if you've done these before, you know Tony can get pretty old, pretty fast.That being said, overall I love P90X, but shouldn't have been so darn cheap in the first place. I would have sent this right back, however I didn't even know it was a scam until it was too late. I opened the package much after I had spent the time and money to  build my workout station. Guess that cheap price truly is too good to be true. The cd's seem cheap and skip we are happy with the workouts but not happy with the cd's .  The cd starts out good but then starts skipping.  You can just keep watching and it will start working but you miss part of the workout. Did not get half way through the 90days before DVDs started skipping and some quit playing all together. I tried to call customer service and received no help. Wouldn't buy it again or recommend the Dvd's to anyone. Downloading the workouts from internet is the only way to ensure the best quality over time.  UPDATE: 4 weeks after purchaseI hurt my shoulder after the first week and had to modify and skip some workouts. 2 weeks later I injured my knee during the pylo and had to stop alltogether. I lost a few pounds and looked better/more toned after a few weeks but I think that's just because this program made me work out 6 days a week instead of 3-5x/week.The problem with these workouts is the lack of variation. Too much repetition of certain exercises that are hard on the joints cause overuse injuries. I should have gone with my initial gut and returned the program.(Inital review after 1 week on program)12 workout DVDs is a lot but the cheap packaging is obnoxious. And the two books are vague with instructions on calculating body fat or maximal heart rate or caloric intake etc. The only straightforward part of this program is the workout schedule and the supplements that they push for after workouts and as snacks.I bought this set because I wanted a boot camp type of workout regime that would not get boring. I work out 3 - 5 days a week and find it hard to get to 6 with any consistency. I am hoping that this program will help me achieve my goal of breaking a plateau I have been at with my training for several months. So far I am a little disappointed in the chest and shoulders being mainly push ups and pull ups. I guess they want us to be able to train with minimal equipment but it gets boring. Pylometrics looks like it will be a good video... I don't see how people could follow this skimpy diet and not lose any weight! As someone who has been regimented with diet and workouts for many years I have seen many many people frequently quit much easier plans and I wonder how many people truly finish this program who say they don't lose weight or even gain weight?I agree that the instructor needs to focus more on form. You should start these videos already having good form or you will probably hurt yourself. I also think some younger men with a faster metabolism may need to eat more to make muscle gains and then change their diet to shred fat with the changes in workouts. I didn't see this addressed in the books and that may be why some people aren't seeing the fantastic results that they want to see. Just sayin'.I think these workouts are a fine change of pace for me and if I see fantastic results in 90 days I will repost. But after the 90 days these will most likely go into rotation with other workouts that include pilates and better stretching/core exercises. This is a great workout but I made the mistake of buying from Amazon. Don't be fooled (like me) by the "sold by Beachbody" "fufilled by Amazon". I knew when it was purchased that it was going to be a couple of months before beginning the workout. I purchased early to give me time to read all the materials and purchase any additional needed items. When I started the program the KempoX DVD was damaged out of the package and never played but my Amazon 30 day return window had expired. Beachbody customer support ignored my email request and when contacted by phone told me that since I had bought from Amazon, all correspondence must go back through Amazon.  Beachbody claims to have great customer support but I have no idea since I was unable to use it! I ordered P90x on Amazon recently. After hearing so much positive feedback on this system, my husband and I were excited to give it a try. Unfortunately, the first dvd we tried would not play. We tried multiple dvd players, but none could read the disc. After looking at the dvd closely, there was an obvious chip in the disc. We examined multiple discs in the set and many had a similar chip.We tried to exchange the defective product for a new set, but there was no way to request an exchange or contact the seller. We ended up returning the set.I am extremely disappointed with the defective product and with the inability to exchange or contact seller. For the price I paid for this workout set, I expect a working product and better customer support. Placed an order with this company and my DVD Base Kit arrived on time however, one of the discs was badly scratched and would not play. I returned the kit and ordered another with the same result. I called Beachbody directly and ordered a 3rd set and was assured that this would not happen again. DVDs received and everything is working properly. Frustrating to try and do a 90 day workout when one entire day does not work correctly. The P90X itself is great. However, this product that I received had many typo errors in the manual and recipe book. Some of the DVD's worked others did NOT! Wouldn't trust this seller. Amazon has it listed a dvd .So I thought I was getting a used dvd set. I received a thumb drive with a poor quality recording.I don't know if its a bootleg , but it kinda seemed like it.Redeeming quality was the quick refund.I don't like giving such a bad review but , I feel like others should be aware. This is NOT the program shown on TV. The booklets were not included so you are pretty much lost when it comes to nutrition. You only get some DVDs that are fairly pedestrian, NOT the sweat inducing workout shown on TV. I would not recommend this watered down version of the original system. DVD's are poor quality. They freeze on every player I have tried. Really makes working out tough when the DVD's keep freezing.Item looked bran new, but the DVD's are junk. Buy direct from beachbody! WARNING!  One of the DVDs did not work on either one of my two DVD players, and since the 30-day window of exchange has passed, Amazon.com will not exchange it.  MAKE SURE YOU WATCH ALL OF THE APPROXIMATELY 14 HOURS OF DVDs WITHIN THE 30 DAY RETURN WINDOW!!!  Some of the DVDs will not be used until you are into Phase 2 or 3; either 30 or 60 days into the program - too late to return! Order it last week and put DVD 1 in today and Indian porn started playing.  Not the workout I was looking for. Customer service has been abysmal.  Given Amazon sold me counterfit merchandise... and I did mention porn?... you would be better off ordering directly from the manufacturer.  Received this and box looked OK... But none of the DVDs would work in any of our newer DVD players.  The CDs looked weird too... Suspected counterfeit but who knows?  Only know it doesnt work! Not Worth It. The only reason why I still have this product is because of Amazon's incredible customer service.  I would rather review that than these cheap a--s DVD's Beach Body sells you.  I am not sure why Amazon still sells them, they must create a huge headache for them.  In any event, I could not give this item a better review, because some of this discs did not even work right out of the packaging.  Many of the DVD's would not work after a few uses.  I have tried everything to make them work, but no luck.  Getting ready to send second set back to Amazon. I got ripped off on this. These were bootlegs and amazon refused to replace them after spending hours on the phone with Abdul in India, amazon would not replace. Tony Horton said they would not honor it the warranty because I purchased from amazon. Half of DVDs did not work and had to return. I chose to spend the extra money for a new version of P90X instead of a cheaper used product. I started the weekly workout routine and found myself loving P90X.  During one of my workouts, the DVD stopped midway - it was pretty badly scratched and cannot be fixed. All I did was remove it from the case and put it in the player. This also happened earlier during a workout with a different DVD, but a good cleaning fixed it. It's apparent I recieved a USED product. The success of P90X is following the DVD's in sequence. Because I waited a couple weeks to start the program after receiving it in the mail, my option to return the product for a full refund expired three days ago. All the DVDs are freezing. We have tried them in 2 players. It was supposed to be like new. Now we have to order more. Feel pretty ripped off. Was a copy of the original. RETURNED A little late writing this review but when I got this product and starting playing them in my dvd player most of them the sound was off from the picture and 2 or 3 of them would not really work and just kept skipping around. Unfortunately, I am the 3rd to be duped by this seller.  Buyer's please beware.  I purchased P90x DVDs and 2 of the 13 DVDs do not work.  I purchased them "new".  I contacted the seller, but he/she was not willing to send me replacements.  Honest was used very few times,  many additional things are needed. Not practical. Cookbook is probably the better part of the package P90X has a 90 day money back guarantee which is VOID if you order through Amazon.  P90X will not honor because it was not purchased directly from them and Amazon has a 30 day policy for 50% of value.  RIP OFF!!!!  WILL NEVER USE AMAZON FOR ANOTHER PRODUCT WITH A GUARANTEE PERIOD.  No disclaimer at purchase warning of voided warranty.  Just ate $150!  So mad I could spit. Videos are old - late 90s to early 2000s. Definitely stretch and modify if you're new. Some of the DVDs don't play.....no warranty from Beachbody or customer support. Received Spanish language version. Language not specified when ordered. Only one cd would play! Would like to send back, need info on this Disk 1 stopped before the workout was done, Disk 2 is the same copy as Disk 1 - the exact same recording but different print on the disk.  Requesting my money back; still waiting for a response Defective DVD's..  TWICE.On the first round, the package contained 2 unplayable DVD's.  I followed directions and returned the item for a full refund.  I ordered the DVD's again and received another package with 3 defective discs.  I called Amazon to report the item as defective and requested to be sent a new set(THIRD ROUND) to test before returning the item in my posession. THE AMAZON.COM AGENT AND SUPERVISOR INSISTED I must return the item (AGAIN) before a new item could be sent back out. I called BEACHBODY..was told they couldnt help and to contact Amazon...unbelievable. AMAZON.COM has LOST my business. These videos didn't seem authentic but rather copied versions.  It made my dvd player run hard, the sound was good either.  I also received an extra copy of one of the work-outs. This wasn't the real thing.  The booklet was photo-copied images of the real thing, and the DVDs didn't work at all.  A waste of time and money....I returned it.  I orederd the whole kit - I had two of the same disc , finally got "jeff" who sent the one I was missing , but it dosent work correctly and now I cant get them to respond or fix the problem after LOTS of call and Emails ... Wish I had paid a little more at  the official site and gotten it correct the first time ... BEWARE!! Don't waste your time ordering from this supplier.  I still haven't received my order.  No response from the supplier when I contacted them, so still trying.  DREADFUL!!!  What ever happened to customer service?!! I ordered an item on Dec. 28th and still haven't received it on Jan 16th, with no communication as to why it is delayed.  I have ordered numerous times from sellers on Amazon and not had a problem until this one! Just order this set from Beach Body directly. They'll replace DVDs as they get worn. Something that would have been nice for the person that tried to sell me used DVDs that wouldn't play. TOO hard for someone who hasnt been working out recently There were several discs in this program set that were unreadable! This should have been disclosed. It appears to be a phony copy of the real P90X! Buyer beware! After sending the product back and requesting a refund, we've heard nothing back! We fear we will not see the refund for this product! Don't Buy From this Vendor! It is marketed as used P90X DVDs.  in reality the copies of P90X DVDs, and very poor copies.  The literature is also copied.  The DVDs have many dropouts some don't work.  I contacted the company and received no reply. Don't buy this product based on the false advertising! Some of the DVDs don't work properly. They stop and parts of them have to be skipped over. I ordered this product in feb..emailed them 3 days after I got it about the defective product thatI received and now its the end of april and I have yet to see them carry out there end nor have I gotten aRefund...... some dvd's skip and do not work.  waste of money  Not as described Tried to return but would not answer back. Poor customer service.  Small print says for somebody all ready in shape and may case injury.  Beach body sucks and is misleading the two workout are too difficult for ordinary people and you should do it more than one year to enable you to do this P90X. If you see the video all people are athletics and there is no ordinary people like my son and I. Only three out of thirteen dvds worked! Very unhappy. And when I tried to contact the seller, twice, they didn't reply. Not good in spanish the pictures show that their in english but their in spanish The first one we ordered wouldn't play on the computer and the sound went in and out on the tv. We contacted the person the sent us another one the worked for a week and then the same thing happened and the second time I tried to contact the person I received no response. Not worth a 100 bucks at all!!!!! I am not writing about the actual P90X program or anything like that. There are illegal/bootleg copies of P90X floating around out there. The DVDs skip, the case is misprinted, and the Nutrition and Fitness guides are full of factual, spelling and grammatical errors.I suggest just buying a new copy from Amazon, or buying from the actual site (the price is the same).Do not make the same mistake I did, and don't waste your time! I rated this product low because I have burn in on my TV because of this and I've only paused the program for several minutes at a time so I've never left it on a static image for more than 5-10 minutes. The problem is the timer on the workout video is on your screen for the entire workout of an hour. I'm running a anti image retention tool now and it will not remove. This is a brand new Panasonic 60 inch Plasma that was manufactured 9/2011 so it's one of the latest generations of plasma. I aslo did proper burn in on my TV of over 100 hours. The model is a Panasonic VIERA TC-P60GT30 60-Inch 1080p 600 Hz 3D Plasma HDTV. Other than that it's definately a great workout and I noticed results fairly quickly. Just don't use it on a plasma. I really enjoy the p90x dvds however when i recieved the product some of DVD's did not work.  Infact 3 out of 5 DVDS were defective.  I was so frustrated I did not even attempt to play the others.  I did recieve a refund for my items but had to pay the shipping.  I will not order from the same person again. I purchased this in the latter part of May 2011 from Amazon.com. I followed it to the letter for two weeks and did not like the results (it bulked me up instead of helping me to lose weight). I wished I had known that it was more focused on building muscle vs. weight loss. Also, one of the CDs had a problem (it kept stopping as if it was trying to restart itself)I contacted Beach Body to ask for a refund and I was told that I needed to contact Amazon to get a refund. Apparently Beach Body does not stand behind their product. I am very disappointed with Beach Body's response.I would have preferred to exchange it for the Insanity 60-day workout which has more cardio than P90X. I will not purchase anything else from Beach Body because of their response. That is a lot of money to waste that I couldn't really afford to do. I bought this because I am concerned about my health and wanted to do something about it.Mr. Horton, if you read any of the customer reviews, please respond to my post.If anyone have any ideas about getting a refund, please respond to my post. Thank you.  Paid $100 for this and 1 of 13 DVDs worked.  Put in the first DVD and did the exercises.  Tried to watch the 2nd DVD to know what to expect the next day and it didnt work. Tried the 3rd, 4th, 5th, etc. None of them worked.  To verify it wasn't my DVD player not working I tried the 1st DVD again and it played with no problems. I better get a damn refund. I purchased a duplicate Base Kit. All I wanted to do was return one. Getting Beach Body customer service was not all that easy.They did not seem happy that I had purchased through Amazon. I finally got an RA# and sent the kit back. If I had known that I was only going to get $48.43 back I never would have bothered! And then I would have had a back up for the one disk in the other set that skips! I understand about restocking fees, but $91.37 fee is outrageous. This has remined me that you should never buy anything from Amazon if there is even a slight possibility that you will need to return it. I would rather they keep my measly $48.43 and give me the set back. Like others except I was only on day 2 and the cardio DVD is defective. Not only will it not play in any of my DVD players they look scratched. Like others Amazon will only refund and Beachbody won't send just one DVD because they say it wasn't purchased from them. So now I have to wait up to 4 weeks for a refund and wait and repurchase. Beachbody said had I purchased it from them they would have sent a replacement DVD no charge. Here I am looking at it say sold by Beachbody and fulfilled by Amazon. I'll be reordering from the P90X website that way I've got support for the product and it's pretty much the same cost. I was initially happy with the service and the package did seem to be in like new condition, when opened, I noticed the discs were each in a baggie which was strange.  I also noticed that disc 7 was missing.  That would not be like new and I guess that it was just resealed and then listed as like new. For that reason, I am giving this a less than stellar review.  I would not have bought it in this condition had I known. I can't begin to say how disappointed I am, especially after seeing so many great reviews. First, I'm not sure if I got an old version or what, but the picture resolution was out of the 1990's, along with the super cheesy videography. We couldn't stop laughing long enough to take this thing seriously. Black and white with shadows and close up video of people's hands that were trying to upsell shakes. Plus the DVD menu wasn't working properly.  Cheesy guy lecturing at the lockers, throws towel over shoulder, etc. Terrible. I'd rather go with Jane Fonda if I wanted a vintage workout. Avoid this company!I ordered their product from their website.  The total was $150 after shipping.  A couple weeks later they mysteriously canceled my order and refunded my money.  Except that they only refunded $125.  Now they won't respond to my calls or emails.  The other reviews about this company are right, they don't deserve your business. Did nearly the full thing (exercise and diet - cut 1 week short by my sisters wedding) end results were very disappointing for the work i put in. You're better off finding an exercise hobby you like and will stick with for a longer period of time. This program is just a huge time suck IMO. We received our DVD's and they are scratched...can't do the workouts because of it.  So we are totally bummed...what a waste! Poor rating due to the shipper; not the product. Buyer beware of buying reburbished items through Alice Pippen.We ordered the set through Alice Pippen via Amazon, and the first 3 discs were completely scratched beyond repair. We contacted Alice Pippen to ask for an exchange of the first 3 or the set or a complete refund within the return policy deadline. We never received any communication back.I repurchased the item brand new via Beachbody and love the product. Company sent bad disc. Does the dance on replacement...must call Amazon..etc. Recommend avoiding them as the bad discs are frequently mentioned in other reviews.  I thought I was getting a good deal on a like new product.  It didn't take long to find out most of the dvd's didn't work very well, even though advertised as "like new".  Thank goodness Amazon took care of it for me.  I ended of going to the original source and buying them new and paying $9 extra dollars for lifetime free dvd replacement. Your suppose to be able to do this at your house but somehow P90X failed to mention the equipment required until you start. The first disc is the worst because you need different size free weights or bands and a pull up bar! you may as well be at a gym. Instead of supplying the basics for $150 they give you a lame food program of expensive foods you can buy and cant stop mentioning how you need there fitness supplements, what a joke. The disc don't work on my laptop and has problems playing on the Bose system we have. I was gonna buy insanity workout instead but realized that there by the same beach body company that has no quality in there products. So since I have already paid for there crappy made burned DVDs once I'm gonna get someone to burned copies of insanity just to get my moneys worth. This program is not worth the money because you can find lots of people trying to get rid of there P90X mistake online for cheap. This review is specific to the disks I received and not in anyway a negative review of the program itself (as I didn't get to try the program, I cannot provide a review on its effectiveness).I was very excited to receive this product. I've suffered numerous injuries in the past year and was hoping to get started on a new routine. I suffered an injury that prevented me from beginning this workout for about 8 weeks after receipt of product. The first disk skips and pauses on its own, which was annoying but I thought I could deal with it. I tried to use the second disk today and it does not play at all in my DVD player. I then tried to play it from my laptop and it crashed the machine. I was quite excited to begin this workout but now I will be returning the defective product. I did not enjoy this one bit. I find Tony Horton to be a bit of a creep. I hope to never encounter these DVDs again. NO THANK YOU, MA'AM. Base Kit DVD #1 does not play it's all scrambled. DVD #2 plays fine. I'd like to exchange the Base Kit for new one. Please explain the exchange process. Thank you It took a long time for the items to be shipped.  I did not get the calendar or the guide You can't use every DVD unless you have equipment. If I spend money to use workout DVDs, I wanna use all of them. I was not told before I purchased it that you needed equipment, which is why I bought it. I got the series but it was only a burned copy. Not the real deal. No workout book, no diet book, complete rip-off. corny Was missing the main intro disc. ..Kinda sucks not to have it to begin with  There is a disc missing, there are mark on the discs and marking all over the case like a kid has played with it. Don't mark l"like new"  It defiantly was not like new.  I am disappointed and want my money back Very disappointed...I purchased the starter kit which wasn't cheap. It didn't even come with the resistance bands or chin up bar, which is primarily needed for the success of this program. I may even return it. This kit is useless without extra equipment, I wish I had known before I got it. I would like to return it bc I don't have the extra money for the extra stuff I need just to start the work out Received the P90X system and really do think it is worthwhile. I had a defective disk (CardioX) that would not play on any DVD player. I received 'Disk Error'. I contacted Beach Body by email about replacing only the defective disk. I did not purchase directly through them (Beach Body) but through Amazon. Beach Body will not replace any purchase through Amazon. Amazon will only replace the entire set for $ exchange. This creates a situation where you must ship back to get your money back and reorder. What if the defective disk is a common problem? Amazon will never be able to resolve only give money back. I have started the program and really do see it fitting my needs. But am not happy with the resolution of Amazon and will rethink all my future purchses through Amazon. BUY DIRECTLY THROUGH COMPANY....NOT AMAZON i wish i had something positive to write but i don't! the business has removed itself from the Amazon platform is what i have been told by Amazon. they took my money and split. i have filed a claim and i am waiting to hear from Amazon as to any accountability on their part! buys beware not only from this business (if they ever show up again) as well as purchasing anything on Amazon!  let's see what Amazon does about this kind of fraud!first time on Amazon and most likely never again! stay tunedCLOUBU IS THE BUSINESS I PURCHASED FROM: I am disappointed.  I ordered this product for my daughter for her birthday.  The first time she tried using it, several of the CDs were scratched and unusable.  It looked like the package was a used one.  Now she will have to hassle with what to do, whether to return, and if she does return, will she just get another one of the same? The seller was contacted and never responded to my email!  The seller did not follow through with paid shipping agreement and I was over charged on shipping.  I paid for Priority Shipping and it was sent by Media Mail (the slowest) there is. I sent an email requesting a refund for the difference and never received a reply back.  I would never purchase from this seller!!!!!!!!!! I looked forward to starting this exercise program and enjoyed the exercises on the second disc (the first disc is an intro to the program), however first it worked fine in one laptop computer but it suddenly became inoperable. I placed the disc in another laptop computer and it worked so I was able to complete the day one exercise routine. However, the next day while I was working out to the third disc it stopped playing and I was unable to restart it on any available DVD player. I was so disappointed because I liked the exercises. I do not have the patience for DVDs not working so I returned this item and did not try to exchange it. I am hoping that eventually they will have something more convenient like an i-phone app. I bought this product and the first thing I noticed when I opened it, was that it was used.  Its a bad feeling when you buy something and pay full price for a used product.  The whole experience of using the product is now tainted.  I wouldn't recommend buying this product from this seller.  Paying full price for something used is very bad. I have contacted WILLSHOP twice. Once on the 21st and another time on the 26th. I am disappointed with the quality of the material. It said it was like new, but we were missing a DVD from the package and the DVD does not work appropriately. The first DVD we put in does not go beyond the beginning warnings-it just stops.I can not believe how nonreponsive the seller has been. Very disappointed!  I absolutely love the product but one of the discs doesn't work.I've exercised all my life and this is by far the best workout I'veever had. You got to bit more things to use workout videos , waste of money I am not feeling P90X AT ALL. I Bought this kit a year ago, and the DVDs are rather unorganized and I believe the instructions are a bit confusing...I have found better workout DVDs that would help me get motivated unlike this kit.  I don't even know how I feel about this workout.  Tried it for some of the time and did not work out for me.  So I left the box sitting in the dust. This item was purchased on 3/7/10.  We have still not received it and have been provided with no explanation. I wanted a workout not this dip #$%@ talking me to death. you have to sit through 10 minutes of this DA before they get it going...not at all what I wanted! This is all packaging no substance. Stupid. Just eat right and exercise. Did  not like this dvd set. DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS GUY. I REPEAT DON'T BUY NOT ONE THING! THIS PERSON TOOK MY MONEY AND I NEVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT. THE WORST TRANSACTION EVER! I think it was a good workout, but had inappropriately dressed women in it. Don't buy it is a scam  This product is only for people who want to loose weight. Don't even buy it. Just download a free torrent version on the pirate bay web sight. Not worth the money.           