A great aspect of this workout program is the fact that you need very little to actually use it.A few dumbbells you can find at Wal-Mart, a 10 dollar door frame chin-up bar and a good, strong chunk of willpower is just about all you need. If you're like me and wanted to get something to use on the road while you're away from your basement gym, this is perfect.If you don't have a basement gym, this is still perfect.Not everyone has the same body type, and the people performing for you on this DVD reflect that. The people run the gambit of body types, from taller and bigger to leaner. It does a great job showing results possible for several different body types.A warning, this workout set will kick your body HARD at first. You will not be able to finish most of the workouts, don't hurt yourself trying to. Go as far as your muscles will allow you (your muscles will literally stop working. You will reach "failure" and that's what you want.) and then stop. Rest.Take it slow in the beginning. Try to ignore the pep-squad style yammering of the coach unless you need the encouragement and enjoy the results. My wife and I are in our late 50's and in so-so shape. We started on P90X about 3 weeks ago and can tell a difference already. To be honest, there are some exercises on the DVD's we just can't do, but we're trying to do our own modified version of them to keep the flow of the workout going. We did not purchase this product with the intention of "getting ripped" but we really can see some definition in the short amount of time we've used it. What we read on a couple of other reviews was exactly right: you get out of it what you put into it. That's true of any fitness program. This is a great presentation overall with easy to understand instruction on the different exercises and great nutritional info included as well. I am on Week 9 of P90X and the product works:  I went from 20 to 14 % body fat with muscle gains.  I give 4 out 5; however, because P90X will require most people to make significant modifications, which the P90X package does not describe enough.  Modifications are the key to maximizing the benefits after spending 60-90 minutes per day workouts and not getting injured!  I recommend reading Amazon.com review and beachbody.com.  I add my perspectives here:1. Ab Ripper X:  For people with weak core muscles, P90 Ab Ripper 200 is superior than Ab Ripper X.  People with weak core muscles can experience back pain with Ab Ripper X exercises (In&Out; and Bicycles in particular), because they use back muscles to compensate for their weak core.  My back pain improved after strengthening my core muscles with Core Synergistics.  I recommend doing Core Synergistics earlier (say Week 0 with no weights or start out with P90X Lean Workout Schedule), substituting Ab Ripper 200 for Ab Ripper X once or twice a week, and doing some Pilates to learn how to engage your core muscles Pilates Workout for Dummies.2. Pull Ups:  Most people will not be able to do 15 pull ups at once or 120+ pull ups in a workout.  I started with 1 or 2, and got frustrated because of little improvement after 2-3 weeks.  I saw huge improvements when I learned the Negatives:  use a chair and legs to go up, but use only the arms to come down.  For an exercise I try to make the pull ups and the negatives add to 10.  Now, I do about 5-6 regular pull ups and 4-6 Negatives to make a set.3. Relaxation:  P90X is an intense program (it's extreme), and occasionally we need to step back, breathe, and relax.  P90X X Stretch and Yoga X are very helpful (Yoga X improved my downward dog like no other program because Tony attacks those dogs relentlessly!!); however, Tony has a remarkable ability to turn everything into an exercise and Yoga X just ain't relaxing.  For learning to breathe and relax, I recommend other yoga or stretch videos AM & PM Stretch.4. Diet:  For the first 2-3 weeks, I found protein shakes helpful to recover from intense fatigue.  However, I stopped that after week 4, and I ignore P90X diet.  Why bother with bars and shakes, when you can eat vegetables, fruits, fish, and nuts?Overall, I recommend using other instructional materials to supplement P90X to maximize benefits, to prevent burn outs, and to prevent injuries.  Learning proper Pilates techniques to engage core muscles can go long ways. Great workout routine, really works if you can stick with it. I didn't give it 5, just because it is so demanding for time. You really have to almost set aside 2 hours minimum everyday just for the workout (including getting ready and showering). I know there's shorter workout routines out there but I feel like this one could be tweaked just a little bit. I am on my final week of P90X, and overall, am happy with my experience.  I won't repeat what many others have stated here, but I would like to list some things I've realized for people considering whether to start P90X or for people who have decided to do the program but haven't started yet.The three things I'm going to talk about are: Diet, Flexibility, and Pull-up strength.First off, P90X is designed as an overall fitness program, not as a weight training or weight loss program per se. As I see it, the main purpose is to lower your overall body fat percentage so that you get a leaner look, as demonstrated by the numerous before and after pictures available on the Internet.So, what's the secret to lowering body fat percentage in general?  It's mostly about the diet.  When you purchase the P90X DVD's, you will also receive a Nutrition Guide.  Most of the contents there, at least the number of servings you should be consuming in each roughly 30-day phase, is widely available on the Internet.In other words, if you are still considering whether to do P90X, you first need to ask yourself whether you are willing to commit to a strict diet plan, either the one specified by BeachBody, or any other sensible diet.  This is particularly true for guys who want to gain muscle.  You will have to make sure you consume plenty of protein.Therefore, even before purchasing P90X, I would at least try to structure and follow a diet plan for several weeks.  You may find either (1) You can't commit to such a diet and hence P90X may not be as effective for you, or (2) That you get many good results even without doing the P90X program.Secondly, P90X requires a great amount of flexibility.  This is especially true for two of the workouts in particular: Yoga X and Ab Ripper X.  If you are unable to touch your toes (either reaching down while standing up or reaching forward by sitting down), you will probably find these two workouts to be very frustrating.For example, there is a routine called Fifer Scissors in Ab Ripper X.  This exercise requires you to keep one leg straight up in the air while keeping the other leg just off of the ground.  When I try to do Fifer Scissors, I can't keep my leg straight; I have a bend in my knee.  For me, the problem isn't my abs.  It's that I don't have the flexibility to keep my leg straight in the first place.  Even if I keep my other leg *on* the ground, doing this exercise is difficult.In Yoga X, you will see some of the people, particularly the women, who can reach *beyond* their toes.  I'm sure I'm not the only guy who feels frustrated, especially from a psychological perspective, when I'm at least 6 inches away from my toes.In short, I would highly recommend making sure you are flexible - or at least flexible enough - to do things like touch your toes.  You don't need a P90X DVD to do this; there's plenty of advice on the Internet.  To this day, I can't touch my toes, although I have gotten closer.Obviously, this flexibility issue is not a criticism of P90X.  What I am saying is that you may want to make sure you have decent flexibility before starting the program.  You will find the program more effective...and more enjoyable at the same time.Lastly, you should be able to do at least several unassisted pullups if you're a guy and several pullups with a chair if you're a woman.  The program is difficult enough if you can do 7-8 unassisted pullups at the beginning; it seems nearly impossible if you can't even do one.Like the flexibility issue I mentioned above, seeing Tony Horton and his gang knock out 15+ pullups on Day 1 of the program (Chest and Back) is mentally very frustrating for someone like me, who could barely do one unassisted pullup.  I can now do about 7-8 unassisted pullups on my first set, but fewer during the later portion of a one-hour workout.  More importantly, I still can't do any "Switch-Grip Pullups" or "Corn Cob Pullups."  If you don't know what those are, don't worry, you'll get a kick out of seeing Tony do them on the videos.Once again, this pullup issue is not a criticism of P90X.  It is, however, something to be aware of when deciding whether you have the "prerequisite" to do the program.Overall Summary: I'm happy I did the program, and I did get good results, most notably a 3.5-inch waist size reduction.  My diet, while not totally conforming to the Nutrition Guide, was quite solid.  If I do another round of P90X, I will, however, make sure I can touch my toes first and be able to knock out 4-5 sets of 8+ unassisted pullups before going again.P90X is designed for people who have decent fitness already and want to get into great shape.  While you can still do the program even though you don't have all of the things I've mentioned, you will still get a lot out of it, but your results and enjoyment of the program won't be as high as someone with a solid diet plan and good flexibility and upper-body strength going into the program. First off the only reason this is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that one of the discs was unplayable upon receipt and the guide had kind of wonky printing.  I imagine it was an irregular version of the system.  The damaged disc only came up in the rotation twice within the 12 week cycle.  Since it was a back & arm strength training one we swapped out for the other back trainer and still got great results!As far as shipping they were fast and efficient and the items were well packaged and protected.And now...the program.  My husband & I were looking for something we could do together, that would hold our interest and something that wouldn't cost a fortune, nor force us to go outside.  We're both relatively healthy but convenience foods and lack of exercise finally caught up in the past couple years.  After seeing the infomercial like 50 times for this program & noticing how much variety there was, we thought, why not give it a shot.Weeks 1-4 made us question our own sanity (haha) but as we settled into the next 8 weeks all I can say is our strength, stamina and health took a soaring leap up while fat % (and ability to deal with Tony's jokes, haha) took a strong decline!We didn't follow the nutrition guide to the letter but did make much healthier choices overall and consulted the guide for, well, guidance, regularly.  With the tools this program provides and the easy attitude of the man behind it all, Tony Horton, we were able to get amazing results using the "lighter" version -- lean.  We both intend to start up again just after the new year on a second run at the program but this time we're doing doubles.  This is a well rounded program and as long as you take your time and go at YOUR OWN PACE you WILL see results.  Looking forward to the second round in the new year & excited to be a P90X grad.BRING IT!! Bought the P90X program 3 weeks ago. Down almost 10 lbs now. This workout program is not for wimps. You have to be semi healthy just to warm up with this guy.Don't even try to keep up with the group, they have been doing this stuff for awhile, I'm pausing the CD every now and then to catch my breath.If I followed the diet program they sent me I'm sure I would have lost more weight. Not a fan of being hungry all the time. I like the variety of workouts in the package and expect to drop at least 25 lbs by the end of the 90 days. But you have to "bring it" Ok so here is my background (just finished phase 1 which took me 5 weeks instead of 4 due to a nasty sinus infection that put me in bed for 5 days)a year ago I was 6'2 240; went through a diet and exercise program down to 193 and ran my first urban athalon in December.I caught this on a lightening deal and figured it might be a great alternative to the gym/trainer which is very expensive and has limited hoursRight now I am at 186, stomach flatter/ general hip area more toned, my whole body appears lean at the moment (there are several versions of this program, and I am following the lean version; if I were to repeat it I may go for "size" to try to increase muscle mass, and I have some loose skin from loosing weight).  I didn't read the diet book and am just trying to "eat clean"The Good:The workouts are challenging, Tony Horten is funny and engaging, the workouts are well designed with warmup/stretching/breaks and cool downs... there is a strong emphasis on flexibility which I have found is keeping me from getting too many nagging injuries or muscle pulls; there is an emphasis on modification and taking breaks when you need them especially the first monthYou don't need a vast amount of equipment, a yoga mat and block is essential (less than $15 on amazon) a pair of medium weights (something you could curl 16 times) dumbbells and a pair of lighter dumbbells and a decent set of resistance bands (every weight exercise can be done with bands, I have found that I like mixing and matching, as some of the moves work better for me with the bands and others I like better with the dumbbells... they will suggest a pull up bar, which I have and have tried, however the sheer number of reps required and limited space in my workout area make this unattractive for me and I have done better using the bands in lieu of pullup barThe bad: (not really bad it's working for me; just stuff you should know if you are considering the program)You need to be in decent shape before you start; this is not a workout for beginners even with modifiers; if you are fresh off the couch pick something else and then come to this once you are in ok shapeThe workouts are long 60-90 minutes which can be tough to fit into your day (every video has 10 minutes of warmup/stretching and 5 minute cooldown which you honestly need given the intensity but the time must be set aside)... I have found I have to split the yoga sessions into 2 days because I can't do it for 90 minutes strait and my legs get too beat up if I try to do the whole video in one showingThe people in the video are in peak physical shape and are super flexible, you will find you cannot keep up with them the first several times through unless you are already trained really wellI will update again when I finish phase 2 This is an excellent, effective program for the individual who is committed and, more importantly, prepared.  I've been athletic all of my life, but I confess that my commitment started to trail off a few years back after an injury.  I decided that I wanted to get in the best shape I could over a reasonable period, so I started with "Tony Horton's Power 90 Beachbody In-Home Boot Camp."  (Tony Horton's Power 90 Beachbody In-Home Boot Camp) I've been a runner, hiker, skier, and, most recently, a cyclist, and I've participated in Body Pump sessions at my gym.  Most of my workouts in those sports have been casual, at least from the perspective of making an effort toward all-round fitness.  The Boot Camp really surprised me, because it produced results fairly quickly and didn't result in the sort of injuries and pains that, say, the Body Pump sessions sometimes did.  That was very significant, because I'm almost 60, and injuries seem to be coming more and more frequently these days.  I waited to mention that until I was a ways into the review, since I think my experience translates to people of all ages.  Having gotten fairly comfortable with the advanced level of the Boot Camp DVDs, I decided to move to P90X.  My experience, which I've noticed is shared by many of my acquaintances who've tried P90X, is that the transition is quite steep.  The "X" in the title really does stand for "Extreme."  Anyone who purchases this needs to be in very good shape already if they're going to get real benefits out of it without getting injured.  If you're a week-end warrior or an athlete who's taken a couple of years off, start with the Boot Camp DVD.  In fact, even if you consider yourself pretty fit, you'd be better off trying the Boot Camp DVD first, just to be certain that it's easy for you and that you're ready.  Another reason to get the Boot Camp DVD is that P90X requires a very significant time commitment (which I, as a lawyer, find difficult to make).  P90X is a series of 12 muscle-group-specific sessions of about 45 minutes to an hour each, whereas the Boot Camp DVD will give you a complete circuit in the same period.  If you're not able to commit that much time just about every day of the week, you may be better off doing the complete workout in the Boot Camp DVD a few days a week. I have never seen a home workout program that will get you the same results that hard work at a good gym will get you, but this one comes surprisingly close. If you follow this program with determination and intensity you will see results. You probably won't see the results that you see on the commercials (those are unrealistic), but you will still gain noticeable benefit from this program. Tony Horton is very entertaining and for the most part is great at explaining the exercises in a clear and concise manner. He comes across as knowledgeable, humble, and helpful. It feels as though he genuinely cares and wants you to succeed. The set also comes with a nutrition guide that I personally didn't follow but the program obviously encourages it. As with any workout program be sure to put form, technique, and your personal safety above all else. Be especially careful with your back. If your body is telling you no, then stop. Any potential gain you might be getting is not worth the potential injury. Also make sure to get some decent shoes, without them you can develop various issues in your knees, heels, or shins.My favorite DVDs in the set are without a doubt Core Synergistics, Ab Ripper X, Legs & Back, and Shoulders & Arms. All four are well designed and easy to follow and definitely push you if you give it your all. Yoga X is also very good but it's a little drawn out and I feel he doesn't give quite enough explanation or guidance with some of the poses. The other strength-based workouts such as Chest and Back, Plyometrics, Chest/Shoulders/Triceps, or Back and Biceps also do plenty to push you as long as you put in the effort. However, Cardio X and Kenpo X are both a little lackluster. Cardio X is one of the shorter workouts and is often used as a supplementary workout after your scheduled one for the day. As such it really doesn't push you very hard and will not keep your heart rate as high as it needs to be for extended periods of time. Kenpo X is borderline worthless. If you want a bland Tae Bo esque workout then you'll be right at home. It doesn't push you very hard, it's too long for what it is, and it's pretty boring. Also as someone who has been doing various forms of martial arts my whole life it was kind of embarrassing. What they're showing you is mostly wrong and I hope nobody ever tries to fight like that.Overall if you're looking to avoid the gym environment but still want to get in shape this is a good option for you. Just make sure to stay safe and give quality over quantity and you should see results. The program does a good job of working every part of your body but you might find it more useful to find alternative forms of cardio to give ourself a better workout over Kenpo X or Cardio X. Sometimes the workouts feel too long and it can be very time consuming, but stick with it and you'll be glad you did.  You will need certain equipment to do p90x so keep that in mind. If you don't have room or money for the extra equipment then I would recommend you try insanity. P90x is a great way to build endurance and work on bulking your upper body Tony is a lot of fun to watch and this system WILL get you in shape IF you can do it AND stick with it. I was taking Les Mills Body Pump classes for 2 years at Gold's Gym and LOVED it. I then retired rural and there was no gym that offered the program. So I bought P90X hoping it would be similar. Well, I did it for a while but it proved just too intense for me...could not keep up the discipline. And you can't slack off...this program takes no prisoners.  I'm 65 now and need to be a bit more realistic. I'm now doing a  4-5 times per week walk and light weight regime using Leslie Sansone DVDs.  Probably not for you...but, for me, they get the job done.  But PX90 might be PERFECT for you, if you are (or want to be) a Venice Beach hard body!  ....Go for it! The workouts are great.  They really challange you.  And Tony isn't over the top obnoxious like most workout hosts.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the dvds aren't the best quality.  I've never had a problem playing them in my xbox360 or any new dvd player, but sometimes it takes a few tries for older dvd players to read the discs.  It gets kind of annoying because I have an older dvd player downstairs where I work out. Ordered this product back in April.  This workout is not for the faint of heart.  You will do workouts that you have never seen before.  Unless you are already really fit, you will not be able to complete each workout, or every exercise.  I was a very out of shape 48 year old, about 70 lbs overweight.  After 2 months of doing the workouts, I am able to complete much more of the workout routines with taking less breaks.  I have lost 22 lbs so far and I am sure much more will come off before the 90 days is over. I will probably have to do a second or maybe even a third round to reach my goal, but that is OK.One BIG word of caution.  If you order this from Amazon and not Beachbody, you might be able to get a single disc replaced by Beachbody, but you will not be able to get the Lifetime DVD Replacement guarantee that Beachbody offers if you buy it from them.  They are supposed to be replacing one of my workout discs that went bad, I will know in a week or so if I will actually see the replacement disc.  If you buy it from Amazon, I would recommend making backup copies of the discs and storing your originals in a safe place, and/or purchase the extended warranty from Amazon.  Trust me, I learned the hard way.If you are serious about getting into shape and/or loosing weight, this workout is the real deal, and it will work if you are dedicated enough to follow the workouts and the sensible diet they suggest.UPDATE: Never did receive the replacement disc from Beachbody.  Either buy this from them, or prepare to buy a program to make backup copies of your discs. so I initially did this program thinking, hey, I want to lose some weight. I sort of fell for the 90 day trap- i thought I could get to my goal weight in 3 months.I was wrong, BUT I have developed results, and good, healthy habits.I did not see results until month 2-3, THIS IS WHEN I STARTED THE DIET PLAN. If i had started counting my calories, and reducing my carb intake early, I'd have lost more weight by now.That being said, since I started monitering how much I eat, I have lost 16 lbs and gained quite a bit of muscle.I eat right and work hard.This program is good for me, because I don't have the time to drive to the gym, drive back etc. I also don't want to freeze my butt off in the winter. so I work out every morning before I go to college classes, plan out what I'm eating. By the rate I am now losing weight, I should be at my goal weight just before summer starts, or at least by the middle of summer.I recommend this program, but I also advise that you try not to focus so much on the time frame. Stick too it and FOLLOW THE DIET PLAN. THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT PART.Lost: 16 lbsgained musclelost about three inches in the waist area.My clothes are feeling looser, and My stomach is feeling tighter. give it a try.however, I do recommend trying to find a used copy.... its much cheaper. This is a great workout, it has 13 dvd's and you use all of them.  It does not get boring and you really do work out allot.  The hardest part is staying motivated to do all according to the schedule.  I have gone from a slob to working out 6 days a week, i feel much better and i have more energy.  The program is not magic, you will not become a body builder or in model over night, you have to put in the work and be dedicated.  The diet is a huge part of being able to loose the weight. Overall i recomend this for anyone who wants to start a good workout plan.The workout are very challenging but they do have the option for doing beginner variations.  You will sweat, you will do some high impact, and you will probably curse him out as you do the program but if you stick to it you will see results.  I do not look like a model or anything but i am working hard and ill get there, its a little harder when you work full time and go to school part time but its workable and as long as you stay commited it does the job.The only thing most of theese packages dont have are the paperwork that comes with system.  The paperwork includes the schedule, calender, nutrition plan, and work out guides.Try it out, have fun, and prepare to be sore because for someone like me who usto work out alot but now dosnt it was really rough; but its getting better. The P90X series is a great, varied workout.  After only one month, I'm already seeing improvements in my body.  My only complaint is that the trainer, Tony Horton, is an obnoxious "bro".  It's like being trained by an overgrown 45-year-old frat boy who calls you "boys and girls" or "kids" about 12 times per workout.  He talks and talks, but without much substance.  I'd prefer him to be explaining proper positions or helpful hints while he's talking, but it's like he's just talking so it won't be silent.  Thankfully, I think the producers of P90X realized this and they created an option on the title menu for just "Cues and Music".  I highly recommend using this feature.  You see his lips moving, but you only have to hear what he says when it's relevant to the workout. Really intense.  I've been doing it for a little over 30 days.  I've only lost one pound, but I feel better than I have in years.  My body is tightening up and my husband says he can see results.  I love the way that I feel even though I haven't seen the results on the scales yet.  I think it will come if I keep it up.  Most intense workout that I have ever done. First off, i would like to say that this is a great product...Ok, so p90x is suppose to transform your body in 90 days and it will do just that.However there are some important things that i would like to cover.I have been working out for close to 10 years. I dont claim to be the most amazing athlete or a body builder by any means but i do know what im doing in a gym.I am going to start off by saying that this is not for begginers. Of course p90x is ment to challenge you physically and mentally and if you are a begginer it might start off by being to much, all though you can go off at your own pace.This is also not just a disc that you can pop in and start doing. You will need to have somewhere to do pull ups and have a good amount of dumbells. You can also buy bands for this if you wish but i would reccomend buying multiple weight bands for the different excersise.Each work out is about 45 minutes to an hour long with a couple 30 second breaks to a minute long.The diet guide in this is also pretty nice. It is easy to follow along and has some pretty good recipes in there. this also comes with a calender showing you when to do what work out and what to eat that day. It pretty much tells you everything from how to do it and when to do it.Pros-hardtells you everythingpretty decent pricereally workscons-need to buy some equipment It's not definitely for beginners; I advice you to take the "Fit Test" before you get into such a challenging workout. On the other hand, if you are able to do 30-50 push-ups, 10-15 pull ups/chin ups, leap at least 5 inches off the ground (then land on your toes!), lift/carry weights for up to 15-25 pounds (each arm), then you should be able to do it!!!You have to put your heart and mind once you get started, but in the end, it has a very promising and rewarding result!  The main workouts are 60-90 minutes long and the "add-ons" are around 15-20 minutes. Overall, that's a long workout. It's hard to dedicate and hour or more EVERY day to the workout. The nutrition guide is good but they have a lot of weird recipes in it.  You'll spend another hour a day just making your food. Their quick meal suggestions consist of like 5 things.  Still, this is a good workout plan if you have lots of extra time to dedicate to it. 6/6/12I am starting week 5 and thought I'd share some early impressions from someone who is not a fitness nut.I feel this is a well-rounded program and offers a lot in terms of variety, mixing resistance training with diverse cardio throughout the week so that you don't get bored or adapt too quickly. The videos are pretty fast paced and with all of them, your muscles will be blasted from every possible direction at different speeds and intensities. To put it lightly, you will feel this.P90X is not just for guys looking to increase muscle mass. The book that comes with the package explains how to tailor the program to suit your personal goals such as gaining mass versus developing lean strength. Modified moves are demonstrated for most exercises and there is always one model demonstrating lifting exercises with resistance bands instead of dumbbells. That is great for me since I am using the Aylio band set that I bought and reviewed here as well. I like that the cardio workouts incorporate balance and flexibility moves so it's not just about huffing and puffing.I hesitated to buy this because I have low back issues and P90X is known to be an intense program. Since my doctor was on board, I went ahead and am very glad that I did because in one month, the changes in my strength, endurance, and appearance are remarkable. The only things I don't like about this package are the subtle but persistent messages to buy their branded supplements and also the accompanying nutrition plan which I feel is behind the current science, particularly where dietary fats are concerned.More later. So far I am very pleased. Bought this from a reseller as a like new product. From all appearance it is a new product. Contains instructional booklet and diet book that appeared to have never been open. The discs I have used so far all operate fine and were individually wrapped. You do miss out on some bonus DVD you would get from buying from Beach Body, but it only cost 65-70%.The program is tough. I worked out on weights and cardio 5-6 days a week and thought I would be ready for this. It is a great program but not for beginners or feint of heart. If you are looking for a fitness program that challenges you and takes you outside of your comfort zone this one is great. Be ready to work, challenge yourself and try things you have not tried before.The program comes with access to WOWY.COM which is a Beach Body support group. They assign coaches from a group of people who have gone through the program. This area is of no value. I got 1 e-mail from my "Coach" and never got answers to questions I asked. If you are looking for a support function I do not think you are going to get it here, but if you can figure it out yourself or have friends with this knowledge it is worth the money and the commitment.When I started I had severe shoulder and elbow pains. Since this is largely body weight and dumb bells or resistance bands you lose that joint strain that comes from conventional weight workouts. I really like the workout and it's been really great, except the whole Kenpo X DVD not working properly. I noticed when doing it that at 7 minutes remaining, it skips to the "One on One" portion of the video. Turns out I was getting my butt kicked so bad that I didn't realize it actually skips from 29 minutes remaining to 7 minutes remaining, and then cuts off. I contacted Beachbody to see if it was possible to replace only this one DVD, but I was referred to Amazon because they fulfilled the order. I really like the DVD's, but I really wish they provided a way of replacing a single DVD instead of having to pack up and return the entire thing (because I'm already on W2 D6, but this was only my second time doing the Kenpo DVD) because I don't really want to have to quit the 90 days of working out just to get one DVD replaced.  On the positive side, when I realized tonight that a large chunk of the DVD was missing, I was still able to do the workout using the directions in the book, although it's a lot more fun and motivating to be doing the workout along with the video. I am currently on week 3, so I can't really report as to final results, however, I can already see more clearly defined muscles, and I can already feel the workouts getting easier.  The workouts are very intense, as advertised, they are very well rounded, and some of them are interesting while some of them are mind numbingly boring.  They all seem to be quite effective.  The disks all come in a nice paper case, and they are clearly labeled.  Plus, the workouts that are supposed to be followed by Ab Ripper actually have the Ab Ripper workout at the end of the disk so you don't have to swap disks to follow the program.  It came with a very detailed book about the program which I read, and a DVD about the program which I didn't watch (the book said it was optional).  All in all I have been very happy on most counts.  The only real point of annoyance for me is that the disks themselves are absolute crap.  One of them was skipping the first time I played it.  Then another started skipping the second time it was used.  Then yet another one started skipping on the third viewing.  It's just ridiculous to pay this kind of money and get such totally cheap junk disks.  Fortunately I made a backup of the whole program on my computer when it arrived, and it seems to play without issue, so even as this disks die after a few uses I will still have the program that I paid so much to own. The P90X program and these discs represent a great piece of work by tony horton and company.. he is a fantastic person, very motivating, and just two weeks into it, he already has me in better shape than i have been in quite a while. the only thing i take a star off for is that there are occasional sound problems with the music being a bit too loud, and sometimes the dvd will briefly pause.. however, nothing that is a show stopper and i look forward to the workout every morning.  it is not suitable for people who have significant joint or cardiovascular problems, but otherwise, you can really make a huge difference working with tony no matter what level you are starting from. go for it! Great workout series. After completing the program I incorporated it into weekly routines. I gave it 4 stars due to the literature included in it. Many typos in the food guide so I found it hard to trust in a written product that did not take the time to edit prior to publishing. this does not change the training program that met the behind kicking expectations. This program is exactly what I thought it would be.  It is a bunch of tough exercises piled on top of each other.  I do feel stronger and more flexible after just 3 weeks, but I was very sore at first.  I am a 40 something runner and have competed in numerous half-marathons, so I am not a slouch.  But I am not a weightlifter and could only do one pull-up on the fitness test.For the runners, I do feel it will help with my running.  I have run a couple of times since starting and feel like I haven't lost a step in spite of not running much in the last month after competing in a half about two weeks before starting p90x. Great product, very detailed instructions, it literally takes you step by step through the program. This is really the way to exercise for a busy but dedicated individual. Most workouts are only an hour long not to say they are easy, in fact they are very intense. Personally it took me about two weeks to be able to keep up and I have always been active so if  you are barely going to start working out  this might not be the best option for you since the workouts are serious stuff in a great way, I LOVE IT. The diet guide is really good too, it provides ingredients and recipes which makes keeping up with the program really easy. The package comes with everything you need to start exercising right away which brings me to other thing that I love about this product, one barely needs any equipment, bands and a couple of weights, other than that with a little imagination you can work with stuff you find around any household. The only bad criticism I have is that the videos seem to be getting a little old by now but that is just me. I really really like this product definitely recommend it. I have only been doing the product for about 3 weeks (I am doing Lean), you really have to be motivated and willing to give your time for this.  I spend at least an hour a day doing the workouts.  Plus it's holiday season, so I'm pretty sure everyone works/drinks/eats more around this time, so I haven't really been sticking with the diet, but I have been with the workouts.  Also, I'm not a cooker, and if you are single, buying all the food can get really expensive, so I mainly just try to make the right choices. Fortunately, with my body type, the diet hasn't been to detrimental to the process and as long as I am working out, usually I can eat whatever I want.  I have cut out eating out and try to eat at home for the most part except the weekends.  You will hear it from Tony though.  He is really funny and the workouts are awesome.  I am already starting to see a change.  You just have to be willing to commit.  Also, really focus on your form.  If you are new to a lot of these workouts, you really should do them in front of a mirror, I used to work out all the time, and I don't think Tony really explains form for beginners.  If you are new to working out, I could see where they would make a lot of mistakes.  So, really try to pay attention to what you are doing and what they are doing. It's really fun though, I recommend this product if you are willing to commit and do it.  I just purchased this a few weeks ago from Amazon for the daily deal steal price of $54.00. The deal was too good pass up. I wasn't really planning on using it in the near future but I was always interested in it and the price was great.Well I'm glad I purchased it because with 10 degree whether its definitely too cold to go outside and workout so my husband and I have been using this for the last two weeks instead.I like that this is a serious workout that you can do at home with minimal equipment. When it is cold out or you have children and making time for both you and your spouse to go to the gym is challenging, this is a very effective alternative.I have to say I was extremely intimidated by all the reviews and what people were saying about it. It's not easy but not nearly as hard as people make it out to be and I truly don't understand what all the preconditioning and "working up to it" is all about.All the modifications are there for you and I found it doable. It's challenging there is no doubt about it but I really think people are making it out to be worse than it is or just not used to pushing themselves.My husband and I are both overweight for our height, I haven't exercised in a year, and we are making it through using modifications .I think most people can also do the same.We also have the 10 minute trainer from Beach Body which is also Tony Horton's and I found the intensity of that to be significantly harder than P90X so I actually prefer the longer, less intense P90X to the 10 minute trainer.If you are serious about getting in shape and like the idea of doing this at home this is a great purchase. Don't be intimated-- just jump in! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars now is because it is too soon to see results. Once I can confirm (I don't see how it couldn't deliver on results)I'd give it 5. I put off getting this for months. I just didn't think it could make much difference, I'm in fairly good shape. Turns out I'm not, in as good shape as I thought. This program kicks some serious butt. I highly recommend it if you are serious about getting yourself in great shape. Not for the casual, workout enthusiast. A difficult program but one you can work up to.I find the cardio to be very exhausting and not a lot of fun.The strength programs are great and you will notice the transformation of your body to be rapid.After a month I am beginning to look damn good in the mirror.I probably go after it with 60% of total effort.My goal is to not get an injury.History of bad shoulders and don't want any flareups.I am pleased with the product as it will never get out dated. I just bought the tapes...me and my husband like them so far! I like Tony's manner he is a good motivator and makes the time go by fast and is entertaining. However if you dont want to listen to him you have the option to cut his voice out and they overlaid music instead and I also like they have the timer at the bottom so you know how long each set is etc. I really prefer the tapes that have more cardio in them (love the plyometrics) and I love that its a different tape each day. I've been bored doing the same routine at the gym so its been nice to mix it up lately. I'm pretty fit so I dont find the tapes too hard. Although with that said it is still challenging in a good way. However, Im looking to lean out a bit more and not build so much muscle. While they do have that Lean option program I'm a bit worried as some of the girls are a bit too masculine of a body for my liking. Although all I can do is stick with it to see the results I get...just dont want to loose all the good woman part fat and get pancake boobs either lol With any exercise program, you get out of it what you put in.  If you follow it and use the diet you will see amazing results.  I followed the workout but not the diet and still saw some great results.  I completed the 90 day program but I still use the DVDs to work out.  I just made my own program up.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is that it gets repetitive.  You do the yoga once every week and 2 times a week on your "rest" weeks.  Also, plyometrics and kenpo are used every none rest week.  Wish there was more variety because you start to get bored doing a workout when it's the same thing over and over again.But overall, a great program and I would recommend to anyone. This program as a enlightment. It truly does what it is suppose to do if you do it and stick with it. I like everything about it. It can be for the beginner "if" you begin with a mind set to "work up" to where the people who perform in this fitness program are. It is a great motivater for those who "truly" desire a life style change in health & fitness. Tony Horton is a great encourager. He allows you to work at you own pace. The product provides the information that it advertises.  It is not a magic bullet, but a series of calculated workouts intended to achieve outstanding fitness results.  You get out of it exactly what you put into it.  If you keep pushing the play button and follow the workout guides, you will achieve positive results.  The workouts are hard at first (I started as a "fit" person) but you get used to them.  Excellent variety. Great workout!!  Definately more for someone who is already in shape!!  My husband and I started following the program and quickly realized it was more advanced then what we were ready for.  We kept with it and modified some of the workouts to what our capabilities are.Would reccomend to people already in good shape or modify to your own personal level.  We did see results even with modifying the workouts!! It's an amazing workout DVD. They clearly explain each of the workout routines and they're all challenging but doable. The only downside is that it takes 1-1.5 hours per workout and I need to keep buying heavier weights. My son came home from college with some additinal unwanted weight gain and asked if I could get this for him.  Of course after much research, I got the best price at Amazon.  My son did the DVDs about 4 or 5 times a week and ran at the gym for 40 minutes everyday during the summer, and he lost 20 lbs and looked really good by the time he went back to school last week. My son said if you do these DVDs as instructed everyday for 90 days, you should see EXCELLENT results.  I also know my son ate healthy all summer (because I was feeding him) and I believe this is a big part of seeing excellent results as well!  Keeps you movin and not cheesy like some of the workout programs that are out there.  Tony is constantly changing up the exercises and this is anything but routine! Daily time spent per workout is around 60 minutes so if you can't commit to that then this product probably isn't for you. This is a great workout if you're willing to invest an hour or more each day! My daughter got me started with this program. She is a Team Beachbody coach. I'm just finishing week 3!  I'm 54 years old now, and although I've been athletic all my life, arthritis and complacency have gotten the better of me! Now, 2 knee replacements later, I'm trying to get back to a size 36" waist! This workout is helping me achieve that.  Having said that, this workout is not for the beginner athlete or someone wishing to do a casual workout! Although I try to push myself to keep up with Tony Horton ( they move along at a pretty quick pace) I've had to modify many of the movements. For example, I do lat pull downs on my home gym instead of pull ups. i can do 2 pull ups, or 12 lat pull downs with 200 lbs.. That's my choice! Instead of real manly pushups, I do them from my knees. My daughter and I call the "puss ups". Whatever!! This is acceptable if you keep your eye on your goal and remember that it's improvement, not perfection that counts. I'm not trying to get ripped, I'm trying to lose weight and I don't want to get hurt.  I recommend that if you do purchase this workout, you read the book first, and review the movements that are required. Some of the the exercises are tricky to do and require much balance and some agility! I've even started previewing the DVD's first the day before to see what they're like. I have found that I get a better workout the first time around, because i'm paying more attention to working myself and less attention on how to do it.  I definitely recommend this to anybody trying to take your workout to the next level, or kick your metabolism back into gear , like me! Tony Horton is a great motivator. Although i don't look forward to crawling out of bed at 5:30 every morning, once I'm up I definitely look forward to watching the DVD and joining in! Tony Horton makes you feel like you're part of the group! I've been doing P90X for about 30 days now and it has been good so far.  The diet book is helpful, the exercises are generally difficult, and I can tell I'm getting results.  I would definitely recommend doing this program with a friend so that you pressure each other into doing it every day and sticking with the diet.  Overall it's a very good product.The reason I give it four stars instead of five is that phase 1 seems to be geared towards people who haven't done serious weight training in the past.  Some days of this program were so hard I threw up at first, so they definitely get me going.  However, some days just aren't enough.  The arms day doesn't even make my arms sore, no matter how much weight I use.  I've continued to use my normal arms routine at the gym because the P90X one didn't really even burn.  Same thing with Kenpo, it's just not hard enough so I go on a difficult run instead.  Overall this is a great program, but if you have participated in serious athletics in the past you need to be ready to change some stuff up. First off, this program is great for getting you into shape (especially if you eat right), and Tony Horton does a good job making you feel like you have your own personal trainer.  The only downside to the program, as I am sure every other review mentions, is the time investment it takes.  Between work and my commute, I basically have 3 and a half hours when I get home to eat, clean, get stuff done, exercise, and have some "me" time.  These workouts require a minimum of an hour 6 days a week, some taking up to an hour and a half (or longer if you need to take breaks to catch your breath).  I highly recommend it though if you are looking to get into shape.  I played tennis in college and wanted to get back into shape so I could be competitive again, and this program definitely got me fit in 90 days.  If you have the time and dedication, you won't regret this purchase.  Also, buy a pullup bar and some adjustable dumbbells if you can afford it, the bands didn't seem to work me out near as hard as having to do actual pullups, curls, etc. I got this to get back in shape after life got too busy. Workouts are very easy to follow and are very very effective. I used bands because I didnt want to have a bunch of dumbells laying around the house. Second time around I switched to dumbells and got better results than with resistance bands.Only reason I knocked out a star from a review is because of the nutrition guide. It can be a little confusing to understand at first and it contradicts it self in several places in the book. Once you get a hang of it and figure out the quirks; it's easy as pie =)I had chronic lower-back pain that a traditional gym workout would just make worse and my lower-back was always prone to injury and pain. Nothing seemed to work; physical therapy helped a little bit, but was not a long-term solution. When I started P90X, I did so at a risk of injuring my back again. However, my experience was contrary and probably very rare. After the first 30 days, my lower back pain was almost completely gone. After 90 days, my lower back felt almost 100%. All of that yoga, stretching,  and jumping around has helped to relieve my lower back pain. I bought this product because I needed to get in shape for an Olympic length triathlon, and had just a little less than 90 days.Usually in any workout video, the lead person irritates me with how they talk, and because they make it look so easy. Tony reminds you that its hard even for him and the people with him, and that they're actually sweating. As an ex-Division 1 college athlete, I can tell you these workouts are really hard. These workouts are not for the average citizen, they are for people who have decided that nothing will stop them from getting in shape. I could not complete every exercise on most of the workouts, though the improvement I made week to week was obvious. To be fair, I wasn't in the same shape I was when I rowed every day, but I was still in better shape than most everyone else I knew.Pros:P90X comes with a nutrition guide, which not only tells you what to eat, but how much, and why you're eating it. In addition, it contains a cooking guide, and many of the meals looked delicious (though I never got around to making most of them).Tony Horton is very good at motivating you, and the stories he tells about his fellow workout buddies is quite inspiring.Although by the time the triathlon came around, I'd only done P90X about 50% of the time (I wasn't as dedicated as I should have been) and I was only about 70 days in, I was able to get a better time on the Triathlon than I had the previous year.The option to get weights or bands to workout is great, especially for those on a budget.While I probably will not do the planned P90X program again (see con section), some of the programs, like Yoga, are truly excellent and I will probably keep doing them for years.The exercises are planned in such a weigh to prevent overexercising, and the cardio exercises are perfect for reducing soreness at just the right times.Cons:P90X is very difficult. Without a social support group (someone to exercise with, or someone(s) who is doing it simultaneously that you can tell each other you completed your workout for the day), or a titanium will, I can say with almost complete certainty that you will not do P90X every day, and probably won't finish the program. I know I didn't.Tony does a few things that irritate me, for instance he'll mention things you should not eat, which as any psychologist will tell you, is a terrible way to keep people from doing something.While bands are an option for the exercises, often the program will be halfway through an exercise before they explain how to do the bands part, and the bands are much more difficult to use correctly (though allow for much greater variability in difficulty - which is another thing that makes them harder to use). This kept me from enjoying many of the exercises.Some of the programs, such as plyometrics, require a lot of space. To see if you have enough room, take 4-5 large leaps from one side of your exercise room to the other. If you run into anything, you will have difficulty doing some of the exercises. I just turned around a lot more than they said to, but I have no idea if that effects the exercise.While the nutrition plan seemed overall to be sound, the beginning part is a 'weight loss' section, and while following it I would not have enough energy to finish the workouts, so I would suggest skipping that sectionOverall:I would strongly suggest this to anyone who is deadly serious about getting into the best shape of their lives. Even if you can barely complete the minimum exercises (found on their website) you will be able to see amazing improvement week to week. I would suggest getting real weights instead of bands, though bands work great for some people. You need to prepare for being sore, for spending 1-2 hours a day exercising, for probably doubling your caloric intake (and quadrupling the amount you spend on food - good quality food is expensive), and most importantly, you need to prepare to be completely ok with skipping some of the exercises until you're strong enough to do them. If you can't do those, or if you think "getting in shape might be fun" instead of being absolutely certain, don't get this. It's great to get back to the basics with P90X.  I never thought Yoga would be the hardest class to do, but it was an eye opener.  The variety, focus on core strength, and simple exercises have kept me into it for 8 weeks now, and I'm already seeing improvements. I love P90X.  I'm 23 days into my first round, and have found the nutrition guide, the videos, and the community that surrounds P90X very helpful and supportive.  If you eat the right foods and push yourself during the workouts, you WILL see results.  My body composition has already changed significantly, and I can't wait to see the total yield after completing the program.With that being said, the one flaw I've found with this program is the quality of the DVDs.  I have exercised care in handling the discs, but have found that a couple of them have picked up scratches that cause the workout to jump.  When this happens, I have to search through the chapters and pick my workout back up as close to the damaged area as possible.  This affects my overall flow, and is frustrating.I'd encourage you to try P90X, but be wary of the DVD quality. I know there are hundreds of people out there who swear by P90X and the other Beach Body products, but it would be wise for anyone who is looking to spend the cash on these things to do a thorough self assessment before doing so.  I bought the set thinking that I would devote whatever it takes to burn though the P90X regimen and diet program, but the reality was that I was nowhere near ready to accomplish this undertaking.  P90X is for people who are moderately fit, or already exercise regularly but want to ratchet up their regimen to get extreme results quickly.  I was none of the above.As a self proclaimed couch potato reminiscing about the days of my fitness gone by, the first two routines left me hurting for a week or more.  Also, I hadn't realized how extensive the diet plan was before getting into this.  I had done other diet plans in the past, but the portions in the program are kind of huge, and the food itself will strain the budget of many.  There are alternative foods listed, and supplements aren't as vital as the program suggests, but be prepared to rack up some pretty serious grocery bills.The third consideration before starting P90X is whether or not you have the space required to do the exercise routines.  Many of the workouts require ample space to move around or jump and stretch.  If you have neighbors that live below, they might not appreciate the jumping depending on the time of day you exercise.  Many of the exercises will require additional equipment such as a chin up bar as well.  They can be purchased in most department stores cheaply, but you get what you pay for.  I went through two models that claimed they would support 250+ pounds, but it simply wasn't true.  I was 195 or less when I started, and the bolts broke on two different bars before I found one that worked.Finally, it really is important to be sure that you are physically capable of doing P90X in the first place.  There is a self assessment section in the workout guide, but you should really be examined by a doctor before undertaking any strenuous exercise program.  Too many people get injured by pushing themselves too fast, or they simply quit when it hurts too much like I did.  The Power 90 DVDs are less expensive and easier to follow for those who haven't seen a gym for a while like me.  Do power 90 and really push yourself for about 4 or 5 months, and that will go a long way toward helping you prepare for P90X.This isn't a bad product, and they do warn you that the program is extreme (hence the "X"0) so I can't fault Beach Body or Tony Horton in any way for this one.  I just haven't gotten the full value out of this product yet, hence the four stars. Not everyone's cup of tea, but I enjoyed Tony Horton's enthusiasm.  I bought these for a family member who was 150 pounds overweight and diabetic, on insulin, and in general doing poorly.  We started slow.  Before it was done he had lost 100 pounds, and I lost 20.  (I didn't think I was overweight).  Since then, my cousin gained back 20 pounds (because he started dating again), but got off insulin and even oral diabetic meds.  Restarting 'the plan' which included diet and coaching (I'm an MD) he has lost the 20 and an additional 28.  We have since varied our workouts but Tony Horton gets the credit for getting the ball rolling.  Fact: Tony Horton is a lunatic and has some tacky word usage and says questionable things.Fact 2: P90X will work your body hard and you can see results, obviously they vary from person to person, etc.I wasn't sure on the trends of such things but being busy with work, I felt my fiance and I could give it a try. It really was good, felt the "burn" as they say and if you apply yourself you'll get a good workout. I did see results and was pleased with the progress I got. Granted, I was not and am not a muscle head or supplement user, and I was pleased with results. Obviously if you keep going past the 90 days and keep adding more resistance you can achieve the results you always see on TV etc. My advise: if you're looking for a good fitness routine that you can do at home and also take with you and use at the gym, P90X is great. I use things I learned from it at the gym, and when I am short on time, P90X is always there. This is a great exercise program, and if you are looking to lose weight, you will see good results.  If you are already skinny, such as myself, it is possible to gain weight and put on muscle, but you have to intake an incredible amount of calories.There is a mixture of cardio, weight lifting, yoga, and other strength oriented workouts.  The average workout will be 1 hour 15 minutes; however, add additional time to that if you take breaks or need to change the weights on your dumbbells.The hardest thing about this program is sticking to it.  It takes considerable dedication and commitment.  From my experience, the majority of people who start P90X do not finish.I have done four rounds of P90X, and I am finally burned out.  I have to take a break from this program; however, I have continued to exercise.If you start this program, it will not be easy.  But if you hang in there, you will definitely see results.  You may appear like the people in the before-and-after pictures, but your body should be noticeably different. I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift.  He has been faithfully following it for the past three weeks and has lost a few pounds and seen visible changes in his physique.  The nutrition guide and fitness videos are a great combination.  My only warning to those who are interested in buying this product would be to prepare to spend even more money on vitamins/supplements as well as the food necessary to keep up with the calories needed to support the vigorous exercise program. The product is great. If you want a tough workout this is the product for you.  It's not for the beginner.  If you follow the steps you will get into shape. It may take a little longer than the 90 days, some people need a little more time but you will see a significant difference.  Overall I would recommend P90X; I give it 8 out of 10.P90X Extreme Home Fitness with Tony Horton - Set of 13 DVDs, Calendar, Fitness Guide, Nutrition Guide, & Workout Log I thought that I was in shape until I threw the first disc in the dvd player.  I got my butt kicked all over the place.  I work out in the evening and had no problem sleeping afterward.  You will definitely get ripped if you stick with it.  I still can't complete the super short Ab Ripper work out.My wife and I chumped out before we completed the program but we're going to try again soon.  I highly recommend this over a gym membership. P90x is awesome. I am (was) a really out of shape guy. Was 300 plus. I love the different options and ability to adjust to exactly what I need. Its a huge time commitment though. I have kids and you need at least and hour sometime longer every day. Now that I can really push on the workout I need to do the doubles which is sometimes 2 plus hours. I am gonna look to combine some other programs to shorten that time with the same results. I like beachbody as a company though. I have been doing p90x for about 30 days, and so far the workouts are going great. It is challenging and there are enough workouts to keep you from getting bored. I can already start to see and feel results. As another reviewer mentioned, however, I will agree that the yoga x routine seems overly long (90 minutes) and doesn't seem as useful as the rest of the exercises.My main complaint, however, is the quality of the DVDs. Each routine is on a different DVD, so unless you test them all before you begin, you won't know if they work until it's too late. I made it to day 6 when I came across the first defective DVD. It played partway through and then skipped before freezing. Beachbody eventually sent me a replacement set of DVDs (yes, the whole set even though I only inquired about one). I was glad that they had sent me an entire set, however because by the time I made it to the first recovery week I came across 2 more defective DVDs. 3 out of 12 DVD in a set being defective (so far) seems exceptionally high, but their customer service handled the problem well.As a final note, keep in mind how much this system will actually cost with everything you need. 130 for the program, pull up bar (30), weights (30), then what i consider slightly more optional (mat, supplements, vitamins, etc.). All in all every thing you need to do this workout will cost over two hundred dollars, but I believe the results and convenience are well worth that price. The correct product was sent very quickly.  The seller did a terrific job.  If there is a downfall though it is that this is a hard work out to keep up with.  First off you need to be in relatively good shape if you have any hopes of doing the workouts.  Second, BE DEDICATED and SET TIME ASIDE to do this workout.  If your a person who has little motivation to work out and thinks this is what you need, your wrong... you'll just have a uselss set of DVDS.  But for those of you who are looking to get ripper and toned (this will NOT bulk you up), then this is for you. The DVD's definitely kick my butt! I am still sore after the yoga one...and it has been 3 days!  The diet part is more difficult to follow.  I also cannot afford to purchase the supplements they encourage.  So, I am only doing the DVD's and definitely seeing my strength increase, which is pretty much my reason for doing the program.  The variety is great!  He is also funny and keeps my interest. A great complete package with menus, workouts, and website support.  The program requires some basic equipment to be purchased before starting and a different meal plan every day.  Kind of tough to purchase everything and cook for 1 person.  Might work more efficiently for a couple.  VERY GOOD WORKOUT!  been at it over 90 days then bought the workout for myself.  only wish at this price the quality of the books was better.  the menus and workout book spine will crack soon, and then the pages will fall out.  but great workout, you will see results. I bought this for my son (at his request).  He is a football player (lineman) and finds the videos challenging. He also plays college rugby.  He likes the variety of exercises in the videos.  So far he has lost 10 lbs in 2 weeks.  He really enjoys the series. I originally called beachbody about buying this product. The customer service is horrible. First off they answer the phone asking for you phone number email address and credit/debit card number. Then after all that jazz was over with he then tried to sell me the biggest package they had. I explained to him that i did not want or need all the extra that i just wanted the basic package. He wouldn't take no for an answer and i eventually had to get smart with him and he rudly hung up on me. I think p90x is a great product in itself. The package came promptly was in perfect order and i look forward to starting it, however if you want to get this product i recommend that you buy it through amazon to keep from having an experience like mine. Hope this review is helpful My 15-year old had done these workouts in middle-school P.E., so when she needed some exercises that she could do inside (we live in Texas, and exercising outside some months is brutal), this was the workout she immediately decided on (for some reason, I couldn't get her interested in my Jane Fonda tapes! :-) ). She's very shy about and self-conscious of her body, and these allow her exercise in her room.  Although a few of the activities stretch her stamina and strength to the outer limits, they do a great job of rotating the daily focus to different areas and emphasing different impact levels.  They are like purchasing you own personal trainer who's available 24/7! Just a warning - don't plan to start this if you don't have some level of fitness to start. There are some minimum requirements for fitness or the program will be incredibly difficult. You also need to have or buy some other equipment including weights or resistance bands and a chin-up bar. That said, it is a very in-depth program that not only includes exercise but dietary plans. It is one of the most demanding workouts I've done. If you stick with it it will change you. I would definately start out slow. You wont be able to move the next day on some of these workouts. It's a good program and I was able to do it from home. It will definitely give you an intense workout. In the end, I decided I preferred the gym for the social aspect.I work out a lot so I wasn't expecting much, but it was much more intense than I expected. I liked it but it was too good. So good apparently it's a hot item and was one of only 3 things stolen from my home during a break! I guess there will be a fit burglar out there! This is a challenging exercise program.  If you've every done a real boot camp, this is very similar.  The P90X3 wraps all the high intensity exercises into 30 minutes but this earlier version is at least an hour of exercise.  You will need a pull up bar and either resistance bands or dumbells in various weights (I bought them through Sport Chalet for an additional $100).  As a short person (5'3"), it is difficult for me to use the resistance bands and wished I would have gotten dumbells instead.  If you are a beginner and not very conditioned, then you'll want to follow the easier exercise modification and don't get discouraged if you can only do 20-30 minutes to start.  The video shows a couple types of modifications.  I'd also like to say Tony Horton is a hoot so you should be entertained by him if you are easily amused like I am.  Diet is highly emphasized in this program.  If you adhere to a decent diet and go all out in the workouts, then you should begin to see results in a couple of weeks. Awesome workout! Make sure you have plenty of room to do this and don't live in an apartment with people below you because there is jumping involved.  This will get you in good shape. It got me in the best shape of my life, but the results of the people on TV cannot be expected for everyone. Awesome program. A bit rough for a hectic work schedule but even doing 2 of the tapes a week has really helped, I'm in way better shape than I was prior. The Yoga X is my favorite and is perfect for a one workout week if I'm too busy. My husband does the videos more regularly and loves it. My P90X Experience So far have been A Good One. However I Should Let you guys Know that So far I haven't Lost Much Weight Doing P90x but I have seen Seen an Increase of muscle mass. My Body has more tone and more well defined than it ever been so far am only into my 4th week... Hope that by the end of the Program I See Full Results. P90x is an awesome substitute for an expensive gym membership. I was able to get in great shape in my small dorm room while using p90x. This workout has a great mixture of cardio and strength training, plus it does not require you to buy a bunch of equipment. Everything you need to know about the workouts and the nutrition plan are included and are easy to follow.P90x is great compared to other workout DVDs such as Insanity or Insanity Asylum. I would recommend P90x to anyone who wants a good mixture of strength and cardio. The P90x workouts are about an hour each so if you have time for them everyday then go for it. If you don't have an hour then I also recommend P90x3 since its very similar but the workouts are only 30 minutes. This is a great home exercise program. Lots of variety. Easy to follow DVDs. You don't need a lot of expensive equipment. Good nutrition guide. Good support on Internet and with their App as well. And Tony Horton is definitely the least annoying exercise maven out there. He always both pushes you, but at the same time lets you know it's ok to find your own pace, especially at the beginning. " Do your best, and forget the rest"HOWEVER,  a warning. These exercise are intense! I would not suggest these for someone who has been sitting around for years doing nothing. I had been going to the gym regularly for over two years before I started these, and they were tough. I suggest easing into it, playing around with it, trying all the routines, and giving your body time to catch up before fully committing to the 90 day/ everyday plan. You will be moving your body in new ways it is not used to. I pulled my hip flexor muscle, and my shoulder at first, so that slowed me down for several days before I was able to go full force into the 90 day program.But overall, a really great home exercise program, that you can also easily do on the road if you travel a lot. I have done p90x in the past but I always borrowed it.  So I bought my own.  Great workout, especially when the kids go down for a nap.  Buy it on sale.  I am not a beach body coach or anything.  You put as much as you get out. This is probably something I should update when I actually complete the program so that I can comment on it as a whole, as currently I am only 1 week into using it.First off, I had read some reviews stating that the DVDs were not in good condition when they received them. Mine were all in pristine shape w/o any major scratches or smudges and they all appear to work fine on both my DVD player and Blu-Ray player.P90X comes in a package with 12 different work-out DVDS and a bonus DVD that has a couple of extra routines on it.  Most of the work-outs are about 1 hour in length, except for the abs routine, which is close to 15 minutes.  It also comes with a very detailed meal plan guidebook that has recipes and daily diet recommendations.Then there's the equally detailed manual explaining the goals of P90X (and the 3 different regimens you can construct from the 12 work-out routines: "Classic", "Lean", and "Endurance"), the different supplements and equipment you could buy, and different ways to track your monthly progress (by checking on your cardiovascular health and estimating your own body fat percentage).  As with P90 before it, it also comes with a 90 Day Calendar so you can keep track of your diet and which work out routines you should be doing each day.P90 came with a set of basic low-resistance resistance bands when I bought it last year, but P90X comes with no exercise equipment. A pull-up bar and either resistance bands or free weights are highly recommended if you want to be able to do some of the exercises. A heart monitor is optional so you can make sure you get your HR up to goal for maximum effectiveness of the more cardio oriented work-outs.As for the different routines themselves, I do enjoy the much wider variety of exercises with varied focuses (chest, abs, core, legs, arms, etc.) more than I did with P90 last year, which only had 2 simple work-out routines ("Cardio/abs" and "resistance training", although it also had a bonus 1 week "fat burning" DVD as well) that became kind of stale and boring just doing those 2 work-outs for 3 months straight. P90X is fantastic & will benefit basic or advanced athleticism!  Tony & crew make it comfortable for all levels of fitness, whether you are new to the game or experienced.  The money spent on this was better than any gym membership I've had and consequently much more affordable. I've found it easy to remain motivated and will benefit from this product for years to come because you can increase or decrease the workout depending on your desired level.  I'm 43 and didn't expect to find a program that would motivate me like this does. I'm so thankful my 17 year old son introduced me to this, and feel healthier than I have in years! Good for the person who's not into gym's or preparing to go. Lots of variety as far as the work outs. The schedule planner is excellent for getting started (especially when your lazy like myself) diet book as well as extra'special already listed. Options to mute the bloody trainer's constant yammering and blast your own work out tunes. This workout is very motivating and tough. I've really felt great doing these workouts. I've gone to a gym for two years and was getting in a rut and not motivated at all. Now I feel very motivated doing all the dvd's and sweating after each one.The only complaint isnt with the workout but it's the books and poster. There are a ton of grammer and spelling mistakes. Doesnt anyone there have spell check? I guess it's just a peeve but maybe thats why it was so much cheaper than the one on their website.Anyhow, it is a great workout and after two weeks I've lost about 5 lbs and feel stronger. Highly recommend it.  I chose this fitness program due to all the hype about it and a desire for the kind of results I had seen some people have. It works, but it is not magic, much sweat and my times of wanting to quit will occur before changes are made. This program taught me that I don't really like slow paced, long strength training work outs, but really love fast paced cardio and Plyo workouts. Since discovering this, I have moved on to Turbo-Fire, but what I learned from P90X helped me to jump right into Turbo-Fire fairly easily. I am still proud of some of the exercises I am able to accomplish now due to P90X. My body results from P90X also helped me see that exercising is not just about looking good (though that is part of it), but also about being able to MOVE! I make can keep up with my elementary and middle school students and can even pass some of them in physical ability. That would never have been said before this program. Got this for my grandson for Christmas. He aspires to join the military after high school. He has used it everyday since Christmas and has lost 15 pounds. Very good choice for one who is serious about fitness , and tough enough to stick to it. The box arrived open, someone cut the tape an opened it. It had all the DVDs were there but last time I ordered this produce it came with books an charts to write down ur progress. But other then that its an awesome product. I have done several martial arts and weight lifting and basketball...thought i was in shape....nope. I was so sore for the first two weeks of this workout. After that it's just fun, if you like being tired and sore and know for a fact you are getting the very best workout possible! The diet is probably the hardest part. Stick with it if your just starting and good luck! I did the 10 minute trainer for a while before starting P90X,and that helped a lot to get me ready.  Overall, the P90X program is nice because it's a good workout that changes things up to reduce boredom, and Tony Horton also encourages you to be aware of your body and adjust accordingly.Only gripe:  My copy of the Legs+Back DVD and especially the Kenpo DVD had "damaged" areas that disrupt flow of workout, even when product is new straight out of the box. P90x is a great idea. But you have to be committed to it. At the time of this purchase I was willing to try anything. I couldn't stick with this program. I have moved on to weight training which is working well for me. The DVD's are awesome.  I am still trying to get into a good rhythm of doing the DVD and get my weekly running miles.  The only problem I had with the DVD's is when they wouldn't work in my dvd player.  The first two dvd's worked fine, then on the 3rd day it just wouldn't work.  I ended up setting up my old lap top in my workout room to play the dvds. Product is all that it claims to be.  If you are generally in shape, the workouts are good and not too difficult.  You have to put it in the time and increase according to direction.  Good overall.  You may need to purchase some of the extras, if you don't have them already. These workouts are very difficult, but that is what you are getting yourself into when you do the program.  I would highly recommend this product to people who want a challenge and are willing to put in the hard work and effort necessary to complete the program.  Overall, this product is worth it. it is a great set of workouts and i love it.  everything about the system is fabulous!  i lost 40 lbs in 90 days and i eat healthy.  the nutrition plan teaches you a new way to eat and following it 90 days breaks old habits.  the only issue i have is that my set feels like it must have been a returned item.  there arent any visible scratches, but some of the discs skip.  i can play through the skips without a problem but still for the price you pay you want perfect.  Tony can get annoying after a few weeks and the diet plan is a bit brutal to follow, but this is a great workout if you cut down on the amount of yoga.  I found that to be too much.  If you want to drop some serious weight, this will do it if you stick to it.  Not great for bulking up, though.  Recommended if you are serious about sticking to it I'm in week 3 and love how I can fit the workouts into my schedule.  I can already tell a difference just because I can actually get the work out in instead of dealing with all the gym annoyances. Just finished week 2, lost 10 lbs (don't expect to lose much more due to muscle gain).  And lost about 3/4 inch off waist.  Do it the way its meant to be done and I think you'll see results too. P90x was great! It had a variety of workouts and was interesting. However, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone out of shape. More of an intense program for those wishing to tone up. P90X is a high intensity workout.  The moves are easy to pick up and although we are not following the meal guide to the tee, my husband and I have lost a combined 15 lbs in the first 3 weeks of using this system.  Only negative is that we had to spend a bit more money to get some more equipment/ weights bands and chin up bar in order to take full advantange of the workouts. These workouts are slow paced and take an average of an hour to complete, but you will definitely build strong lean muscles....if you have the time to do the program right this is a great workout for people who are willing to put in the effort to get into shape and improve their appearance. The yoga will separate out the boys from the men. Its worth the money if you are serious about working out. I'm happy with it not looking to loose weight just build muscle and build endurance. Doing great at it so far. I have gone through the program before and knew it would be great, the only issue is a few of discs don't play or skip throughout the workout.  However that's really more of a technical issue than a content one.  Would definitely recommend as a workout regiment. You need to be dedicated to do this. If you are just kinda thinking about this, than its not for you. Be.ready before you buy this, cause if your not, its just gonna sit and collect dust. It's a great program I love it!! Comes with absolutely everything except a pull up bar  Easy to use ,  I do recomend this item . Take care on diet , exercises , but disregard all other things the p90x's want to sell you ... Great product. Description of product is true. A lot of variety in the workouts. Love that they include yoga in the routines. Tony is inspirational.  I needed to remember that I wasn't going to accomplish all the exercises right away.  Hard work tho. The diet plan is horribly expensive so make sure you get subsitutes, and the furthest I have gone is a month. An hour a day for 6 days is very hard when your schedule is already busy. And working out in the living room is kind of akward.... P90X is a great workout but I heard about a lot of counterfeits that did not work well. I thought if I bought on Amazon from a vendor w/98% positive and 1,000's of transactions I could avoid getting a counterfeit. It said "Used (Like New)" in the description, but it was obviously never opened. The booklet gives it away (I think) as it has more ridiculous typo's in the fitness guide than you can shake a stick at. Not just misspells, but "(" for t, "^" for A, and other ridiculous stuff (literally 100's of them)that can only be possible from someone who does not use the A - Z alphabet. Maybe...a Chinese countereiter? Who knows. The DVDs have worked so far, but I hate getting burned and participating in illegal stuff like this. I can only assume that the "Used, (Like New)" is a way of covering up that the vendor has hundreds to sell? I like that it has 3 different types of workout systems, that you can do for an hour of day. It comes with a meal plan and calendar so you dont have to keep track of the days of what workouts your suppose to be doing. It got me motivated to go to the gym now. The only complaint is that it needs to be redone in High Definition! This was an amazing deal, and everything was brand new! Nothing was open, missing , or scratched. The box was not even opened! The menu is really great for healthy recipes, and the schedule  is easy to follow. So far so good. Price is a little high and the DVD set was last updated 2004 you would think for the price it would be a 2012 DVD set at the very least. If I had a chance to do it again I would buy used! Nutrition guide is hard to follow but the workouts are great down 26 lbs so far 60 days in  I ordered mine from an amazon seller... good deal.However, packaging was cheap... came in a plain white box, something I later saw at costco (p90x in a plain white box). I suspect my seller purchased at costco, marked it up and sold it to me through Amazon. Okay... but Beachbody is suing costco for selling knockoff programs - bootlegs from china... I wouldn't buy through anyone but beachbody... you might get cheap knockoffs.Mine work, but who knows for how long... I will back them up... Should have sucked up the extra expense and purchased from Beachbody... Just do it. It works. As does almost any hard physical exercise performed consistently. a lot of work but worth every penny . i have lost 4 inches so far and i feel great I think the workouts are very effective. Good instruction to prevent injury or strains, yet still very challenging. Especially when you take his advice and record what weight you reps you lift and set goals for each set. The first 2 weeks I didn't write it down but when I started to, I saw the improvements in my workouts and was able to challenge myself more. It was a thrill to be able to write down an increase of weight from the week before.  Some of the workouts are long, but I still saved time considering I do it at home and don't have the hassle of going to a gym. My only complaint is that not all of the discs played on my dvd player. I read that someone else had the same complaint. But fortunately they all worked on my computer. None of the discs were scratched, so I don't know what the cause was. Other than that, I am very happy with my purchase. These workouts are tough, but good. I don't follow them exactly. I have a hard time with the plyometrics.  It hurts the arches of my feet. But I do so much cardio 5 days a week I'm not worried about missing this lesson.I do wish their was more than just one leg tape. It's where I need the most help. I cannot do a pull-up, I'm hoping by the end of my 90 days I will be able to accomplish one. I'm about to enter the Week 4 recovery phase. So we'll see how that goes. THe p90x program is great to use to get in shape. I myself was already in pretty decent shape but considered myself too skinny. Ive started using this a little over a week ago and already fell and kinda see results. While the results arnt major im sure they will improve even more by the end of the 90 day program. THIS DOES WORK! But you MUST be dedicated to it and willing to feel sore for the first few days or maybe even weeks. P90X is everything you would expect, the only thing I did not like was the fact that I had to buy more fitness equipment to supplement the workouts (pull up bar, resistant bands etc.) other than that it is a complete total body workout. BE CAREFUL if you are not in peak shape this can be a difficult program.  Do not push yourself to the point of injury, remember you can pause the workout at any time. The yoga is no way a rest day.. it will kick your a**! I have been using this product for 4 weeks now and have had good results. However, starting the 5th week I started to use  dvds that I had not in the first 4 weeks and they will not play in the DVD player. Also I noticed by using the paper dvd holder continuously the discs get scratched easily. First of all a caveat: I bought a used package and paid half of the cost of a new purchase. So, caveat emptor, right? The package and DVD quality was good, but obviously used... so far, all the DVDs work OK, but some skipping ocassionally. The box that holds the DVDs is coming apart (poor adhesive choice by the mfgr, not due to handling by the seller)... The purchase came without the users guide(s) and diet manuals... while I should have expected an incomplete package based on the price, it would have been a nice touch to point that out in the product description.On a plus point, the order to delivery time was within a week... thanks!  said it had all dvd's. one was missing with a note to contact the seller for a discount, I didn't want to return it, I just wanted the one missing dvd, when I contacted them, they said it shouldn't be a problem, but then never followed through Great workout. It's a little long (1 hour to 1.5 hours) time wise compared to the newer versions, but still a good burn. I like the mix of strength one day, cardio (or low impact aerobics) the next. Overall, it provides a great workout.  Helped me lose weight before my wedding. Now that I've gained that weight back am using it again!  Several of the disks didn't play but the main ones do work. Got the product on time and in very good condition. I only seem to have 12 discs not 13 as stated so not sure if this was an extra disc I was supposed to have or what, but what I do have is good. I bought this product at the height of the P90X craze. I was happy with my purchase at the time; however, I was unable to do some of the CDs becuase I did not know you had to purchase equipment. I like Insanity better becuase you can do all the workouts without purchasing any additional equipment. Love the workouts they get your moving and heart rate up and burning calories, also the reading material it comes with is great, it helps you get a understanding of how to eat and what to eat I am a distance runner and use the workout videos for strength and cross training.  In only 6 weeks I have noticed a difference in my core strength and my arms and legs are toned.  These are good workout videos that work and tone your entire body. Overall a great program that i love and it helps keep me working towards my new years resolution. Later i found out this program was a bit outdated but it still works great for me. I have yet to reach my 90 days but so far I love the workouts. They're fun and keep me engaged wanting to challenge myself to do more and more. They're just very long workouts that's not what I was used to going to the gym. I haven't gone through the P90X program as intended; I use the videos as supplementary material for my overall fitness routine. The individual programs provide good workouts for someone like me (in pretty good shape) and are easy to follow.  Good to use on stormy days when running or biking outside isn't an option :)Pros:- Easy to follow- Variety of workouts- Focuses on all muscle groups and has useful cardio/plyometrics routinesCons:- Probably would get boring as a persons only means of exercise- Requires some equipment- The host goes a little thick on the cheese at times  the first dvd disc stopped at around 6mins. I tried my computer and xbox, still not working. I haven't finished all dvds yet, but so far so good Can't stand Tony Horton, would be sooo much better if you got an instructor that was respectable and I'd want to listen to and the workouts are repetitive but those are the only downsides. Great for working out at home, if your not down for the overcrowded gym, crappy hotel exercise room or expensive crossfit box. Now they just have to make them accessible on demand for a 1 time fee like the DVD's so I don't have to lug them around when on the road. like it, but feels slow in pace in comparison to insanity.  they are totally different work outs, just a matter of preference I guess. This was a good product.  It helped me loose weight and it definately served it's purpose.  I would recommend this product to others. The workout is intense, I was so sore the first week. It gets better and the results come quick, which for me is a great motivator. Bought this used thru Amazon whom handled it thru INTOUCH6. Good product/work-out but one of the disc's (out of 13) was missing. P90X is a good exercise routine.  However, it does require tremendous effort and assumes you are in good shape before you start. I love these videos... they are effective and all... but they are long! I don't have a problem with doing the videos when I'm off work but its difficult after I work a 12 hour shift (I'm a nurse) to do them. I actually tried to do it prior to going to work but it's just really difficult. I had to wake up at 4 am to do them because they are so long... then going to work and sometimes not getting off until 8pm makes for a really long day. That's only 5-6 hours of sleep after you account for work and workout. I don't know how some people managed to get this done in 90 days.I guess you can always improvise and do half the workout before and half the workout after... or even if you just did half the workout on the days you work... anything is better than nothing.The workout themselves are advanced in some videos. I find that I am capable of doing most of them and some things I have to improvise. I consider myself to be semi-athletic. I am overweight but not foreign to working out and I used to play sports in my younger years. I find that even after a week or two of doing the moves you can already see a difference in your performance and what you are capable of doing.Just in a week I've already seen a 4 pound drop...that's also following the diet provided.Overall, with the holidays that just passed and working 4-5 days (12-hour shifts) I find it impossible to keep up with... but perhaps I should work less to make this a priority for it to work. I thought I would give this workout a try and what a surprise I got. It has worked so much better than I expected. Its works on everything. I just love to workout with hard and not so easy moves. It teaching me how to eat better  Great product! Hands down gives an excellent work out in the comfort of your own home. Recommend this to anyone. It's good workouts, but definitely not for beginners.. need to work yourself up to doing this intense training. i have been jogging for 22 years (lets say i have plateaued) and lift weights.  i was looking to mix it up & to create muscle confusion.  after a three weeks of messing around with the dvd's, i can say it does do that.  i am not sure that i will see any material results without doing the diet.  in fact, i feel that my metabolism may be a bit slower due to the lack of impact cardio.  Having said that, I do sweat and my heart rate is up there in the dvd's that I have tried.  Overall, I think the by doing the dvd's and throwing in a jog a few times a week, I will likely stay in the same shape I am in or even improve muscle tone in some areas ( I am concerned about the legs with out doing real heavy weights).  But it has helped me in as much as I get up at 5 get my workout done and out of the way.  Where as before, I was getting it in during my kids school hours and loosing valuable work time(own a business so its flexible).  I will continue with it and if I choose to do the diet (no wine or chocolate :( --  I am certain to see results. Seems like a great product. Really looking forward to giving it a try and start seeing results. Bought a while back and this routine is tough but well worth it. You wont regret getting this. Product wonderful and beautiful and thank you for your cooperation with me PX90 workouts are hard but will get results.  Time commitment is more than I expected - over an hour each day, some almost 2 hours.  I was really hoping for an easy to follow meal plan guide.  While they give you 3 options of meal plans to fit different schedules, there was only 7 days of planned meals - not quite enough for a 90 day commitment.  If you haven't worked out in a while, you may want to get back to a regular routine before starting this program.  It's definitely not beginner level. I bought this for my BF, though he hasnt used it yet, I have been following the fitness plan and it works! The diet I cannot follow to the letter because I need to eat gluten free.You need hand weights, bands, a pull up bar, a polymetrics mat, a bar stool, and a chair or bench.I give it 4 stars because the sound does not work on some of the DVDs. p90x is defenetely a commitment so if your having any doubts dont waiste your 200$. i bought the dvd set, 12 video set. the weight bands and bar. i also had to invest in protein powders and supplements, not madatory but helful whilst working out. i had a baby ten months ago and really felt out of shape. p90x workouts are very hard and dont explain how to prefrom some of the basic workout moves so it might be too advanced for someone who has never worked out before. what i found helpful is the nutrition plan that you can follow to keep your diet steady, and never feel starved....important while working out. i can see results two months through and my flexability and stamina are back and stronger than before i had my son. its a healthy weight loss program when done right or bulk up program as well. i follow p90x lean version included in the set. video's and workouts are great, really work if you will do the work. The fitness guide is good if you can read it, it has so many typos in it, that it is very annoying and gives the impression that it is kind of cheesey. Got system from Amazon a little cheaper, so not sure if that has something to do with it or not.  Great for beginners but go for insanity if you have motivation It works great if you have the discipline. If not, join a gym. I got a good deal on this product. Found the lowest price I could here on amazon and went with it.Had to spend some extra money for equipment that I wanted to use. But its worth it. If your not in shape than you are not heathy. And if you aint got your heath, you got nothing. So that how I look at it in terms of price.As far as training goes. The adds don't lie ITS A WORK OUT ;) But it feels good to hurt like that. And you will be changed if you do the 90 days the best you can.Just don't hurt your self! Be safe! Its a hard program. Great workout, but received faulty/corrupt disks One of the best and most productive workouts. This program is not for the faint-hearted, or for those who have been sedentary for a long time. Upon receiving the DVD set, you'll notice Tony Horton has included a fitness level test to be taken prior to the start of the program. Take it! If you cannot pass the test, do not attempt the program--the test is there for a reason.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it seems that much of one's progress is dependent upon following their menu suggestions--which is great if you have the time and inclination--which I did not. The other reason for the 4 stars is the length of time required for the workouts. Each one typically requires 50 to 60 minutes, but after pausing to change weights or adjust equipment, a workout can easily last over an hour--additionally the yoga workout is 90 minutes long. So if you are in decent shape, have the time, and you're willing to change your eating habits--substantially--this may be the best fitness program you've ever done! Good luck! This is an intense workout but it really works out everything. I have had had friends get great success with this program. I like having some good workouts at home when I don't feel like the gym. I purchased P90X used to save money. It is a great work out but beware all people with back problems. It is an aggressive program that could potentially do harm to people with bulging disk problems. Consider asking your doctor prior to the work out as it is intense. I'm very happy with my purchase though and I am not sorry that I chose to get it "used". Wonderful it met up to my expectations I would work with the seller again.  The product was exactly as described and came very promptly.  I was not as impressed with P90X itself.  I think I was built-up too much by all the hype and felt let down when I realized how much extra stuff I had to supply for the program to work (like the weights).  Everything they tell you and more. The unfortunate part is that a couple of the DVD's were damaged and you do not have the option for a simple replacement. You have to return the entire product so your rutine suffers. Just when I finally put myself in the right mind frame, I had to stop. I would have given it a 5 star if all DVD's worked properly. Have only being doing it for about a week - hardest part is actually putting it on considering how sore you are after doing it the first few times. Wish I had a pull up bar and a full weight set - am using the bands which is okay but not nearly as good. I like it but it is killing me Challenging!  You have to be consistent.  The yoga was too long but other than that fine.  I substituted running instead of kenpo sometimes. Great DVD set.  Great workout from home.  I didn't get the results I was looking for, but probably this is a result of me being a lazy slob who likes to eat chips and McDonalds rather than the recommended diet. a real good work out.l Awesome stuff I recieved the P90x package earlier than indicated at purchase. The package contained everything expected and items were in very good condition from a viewing stand point. I have just begun to use the product and hope the DVD's have no blemishes that affect the viewing. I am very satistied with my purchase. Tony is a little corny and full of himself, but this will push you hard and allows for modifications to keep you going when it is too hard.  You better be ready for this.  My DVDs don't play in half of the 8ish players I have tried, and are sometimes iffy in the ones that do play 'em. This product is everything it is advertised as.  That being said, I am nowhere near the p90x level lol.  This is for die hard gym enthusiasts or those who are already at a high level of fitness as is.  Not this couch potato.  The P90x is great!!! It gives you results and really pushes your body!! I am 3 weeks in and can already see a difference and look forward to reviewing the after pics at the end of my 90 days. A few of the dvd's skip and for some reason won't play on one of our dvd players. It arrived reasonably quickly and was in good shape otherwise. Overall I'm pleased with the purchase. I haven't gone all the way with the total ninety days but the portion I have done really tested me!  If you have knee problems, not a problem.  They have modifications for each set. Missing booklets. The weight routines are excellent. Cardio isn't as intense.  Yoga DVD is difficult for me but I like it that way. Stretching DVD works well when I'm sore. I ordered this a while ago but started to actually do it. I noticed that there are a few disks that do not work no matter what I put them in. Yes, this kicks your butt. And that's the point. THe only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is becuz the workouts are abit too long for me. Was advertised as a complete set but the ab ripper disc was missing. Other than that it is a nice set with all the bells and whistles. I'm sold on this series. I'm a multi-sport junkie coming off of an over use injury and had to do something to get back on track. This is it. I'm in my third week and seeing clear results while still working my way back into running. The associated diet is a struggle, but believe with some focus I could manage that too. Some of the workouts are over an hour. If you are a morning workout person you may need to adjust your schedule to fit them in. It is worth it. love it but one of my videos did not work but amazon took care of it  p90x is bad to the bone wooooowooooo  This was a gift for my son who uses it regularly. This is a nice workout program for him. Price was good. Like the workout a lot.  Did it for two weeks and stopped for a ski trip.  Just started up again.  Justexpect to be sore for the first 2-3 weeks.The first 2 weeks I used pwrbands.  Have since installed a chinup bar, much better.  I cannot complete ab ripper YET.  Just give me a week.  Most of the moves take a lot of balance, I figure as I get stronger, I'll be able to have better balance. I liked it, but I didn't think each video would be an hour long, so that should be included in it. You'll definitely work up a sweat, but you have to set aside at least an hour a day every day. I mean, I don't think anyone actually *likes* this series, but it's a high quality workout. I did not want to pay full price for P90X but was tired of using the poor quality burnt DVDs that someone gave me. I purchased this from a seller on Amazon and once I received the product, it was as described; still in the original package. However, the seller did not ship the package as quickly as they said they would and I waited over a week for the item. Shipping is the only reason this product and seller did not receive the full 5 stars.  With that being said, P90X is quite the work out and time commitment!  I cannot follow the program 6 out of 7 days a week because some days I am quite sore after my work out!  You can still have great results by only following the program a few days a week.  It is a great full body work out!  I have found that you do not have to do EXACTLY what they do on the DVD, but instead do the best that you can and you will still have great results! The DVDs were fine, but it didn't change the fact that I hate working out... We received everything in a timly manner, and all DVD's and booklet info were in excellant condition. There was only 1 DVD that had minor scratches, but nothing to stop it from playing. Great condition, would buy from again. Great set of DVDs and food charts. I am not using it enough. This is a serious workout, only for serious fitness buffs.  Love the DVD's, but seller claimed they were new and they were not.  A few of the DVD's had light scratches and the packaging was a bit warn, but fortunately they all work. It works, but you need the drive to make it work Wow, great workout! My muscles get sore just looking at it. My only grudge is that they really pressure you in to buying their p90x protein bars, shakes, etc which can get very expensive. I wish their nutrition plan did not include the expensive p90x supplements mixed in to its published schedule. Other than that, the workout is very good/intense and you can still get great results without buying all the p90x supplements. I did not want to pay full price for P90X but was tired of using the poor quality burnt DVDs that someone gave me.  I purchased this from a seller on Amazon and once I received the product, it was as described; still in the original package.  However, the seller did not ship the package as quickly as they said they would and I waited over a week for the item.  Shipping is the only reason this product and seller did not receive the full 5 stars. Great product if your serious about looking good.  Difficult to stay on the program but well worth it if your serious. a I absolutely like the deal I received for this DVD workout set.  I was a bit remiss that my Ab Ripper X DVD has some playback issues, but it is not a showstopper!!!Well, gotta go, it's time to "BRING IT!!!" The Workout is very good and difficult.The only thing is that i recieved all the disks and two of them did'nt work and i did get around to returning them within the return date so im stuck with two useless disks so i just recommend you try all of them before the deadline Great items thanks The workouts kick my butt, I started out with a 1/2 hour for the first couple of weeks so I would be able to move at work the next day. I was able to do the whole thing pretty quickly. Not sure if I will really look like them unless I really cut a lot of calories from my diet, but I guess that's the reality of getting in shape. It's harder in the winter, I like to work out more, but you can only eat so much salad in the winter. The only thing is there seems to be a lot of standing around in between segments, I'm used to old school videos that don't stop for the whole hour, so don't know if I'm losing anything there. Anyway, this is worth it for someone who doesn't want to or can't get to the gym.  Very effective Good quality. I bought this DVD not so long ago and everything is in perfect shape!!! I loved the deal so I decided to buy it and it works great. Everything seemed like new and nothing has gone wrong so far. The DVD's, Nutrition Guide, and etc. are in great shape. I really liked how the shipping was very quick, less than a week. I hope this review helped, I'm looking forward to purchasing more items from this vendor Good workout As expected If you like spending an hour to and hour and 45 mins on a workout jumping up and down doing different moves while jumping.. or super intense yoga, this is your video.. I like that i feel like my body is going to fall apart when i get done. I dont do it like i should though...but i use the videos as learning tools.. I like it though..the only thing i could go with out it the book, too much information, and a lot of typos.. Not that i care if theres typos, but its just the fact that they have so much information and didnt bother to check their work.. Anyway.. buy it if u are in decent shape, so you keep up with the people in the video.. if u are looking for quick results and little work out, this is definately not for you... But if you want to trim some fat, and work hard at it, yup.. u know the drill. work out with a friend after you've done it for two weeks, just to see how far you've gone.. i did it and i felt like a champ.. (i didnt think i was improving).. till i got my sister to work out with me and she was not a happy camper Bought this for my wife and she has really liked it.  Tony Horton is a little annoying to listen to while working out but other than that its a pretty good workout. The only bad thing about this set is the fact that 1 or 2 of the cd's skip. They still work, I just have to put them in my laptop instead of a tv dvd player. Product was as described and  advertise arrive on time or within the promise arrival time , totally satisfied  with my purchase , Price was good The work outs are simple and nothing new but it gives you the sense of "team work." Helps keep a schedule. It works if you follow the routine.  My boyfriend loves his Xmas present and it works. He was sore for a week before working out again.  Very extreme and it really does work. Its crazy!!! Went hard and ended up paying for but great guidance. The only negative is the guy talking and being obnoxious. These cd's work pretty well except for a few sticking points but over all it doesn't affect your ability to do the workouts. it is very good. but at the same time this workout does take quite a while especially if you do the doubles to loose weight. I would have to say that this is a good program. I have only just begun it a few days ago, but am definitely sore already! The workouts are great but I have a defective disk and have been unable to get the vendor to replace it. It took a little bit to arrive but overall satisfied with the product and found it to be fairly priced. Excellent Everything was in really good shape, except for one disc that stops before the end of the workout. Otherwise I was happy with the product. The only drawback was that I thought it included the entire exercise package, but it was only the DVD set; no exercise bands, etc.  P90X is a Great product, although one must heed the caution to pay attention to their body. Not paying attention can cause serious harm/injury. Using resistance bands are more more adaptable than free weights. The program is wonderful but the so called "new in box" is questionable. Many of the dvd's are scratched and skip. This makes it very frustrating. But I guess you get what you pay for. Love p90x.some of the dvds I receive do not work right.The picturce is fuzzy and can not see it. But all in all I am happy with this purchase.Good seller will use again. THANK YOU!! The D.V.D.'s were in "like new" condition and the supplemental reading materials, workout calendar, and meal plan guide were all included. I am getting some noticable results but this is going to be the end of the first month and now I should see better results Good quality priduct. The set arrived in great time and no damage. Thank you! Bought this for my son. He used it for a couple of weeks then just quit! I was afraid of that! Just as promised. Great workout... I would never, never....never spend $139 dollars on a exercise DVD. I would run up and down hills with a log strapped to back before I spend that kind of cash. Just so happens there was a deal that dropped it to $45 so I got it. I only watched 2 of the 12 dvds and the first introduction dvd stopped playing and the second one worked fine. I haven't had a chance to see if the rest would work properly I'll will call someone if it happens to one of the important dvds. If I paid full price I would be pissed off and raising hell everywhere. It comes with two books a fitness guide and a nutrition book. I think its a pretty good deal for less than $50. Each dvd is a hour or more long, I just hope the rest of them work.  I am so confused.Turns out, this is not what they say on the site.My friend bought the same exact set, and we put it in the DVD player and got something quite different from the P90X we had come expect from PE class.This one might still work for you, but if you're used to the real P90X, then this one is kind of weird. Came with everything as labeled only disappointed that it did not come with nutrition guide I bought this for my husband for Christmas. His New Years resolution is to get more fit, and this is the best thing out there to help him reach his goals. It's much more convenient than going to the gym or trying to run outside in the cold. We haven't used it much so far, so we like what we see! good The product was brand new exactly as described and was all complete. I haven't had a chance to use or try it yet since I broke my foot two weeks ago, but I'm sure it will be everything I hoped. The seller is recommended. Tho I can't review the product itself (it was a gift for my son), it was delivered on time with all the advertised components. . My husband was very excited to receive this for Father's Day.  He's been thinking about getting it for months. Expected like new.  The package had celphane seal broken but otherwise was new and unused.  Have opened and used with all books, charts and dvds as exepected.  One DVD gets stuck at one point in a workout but moves on and has not been an issue at this time.  No issues with the rest of the DVD's.  very good service, received regular mail in 5-6 days. I purchased this as a gift for someone else.  It arrived timely and in good condition but other than that I can't say.  The person receiving the gift seems to like it. Shipped in a timely manner and upon receipt of the item, everything was in the condition it was promised to be. Very satisfied.  items packaging was a little boring, very plain when giving as a gift.  Item was just fine and the shipment was very quick.       