This is rebellion on a whole new (epic) level. It's a fun and more grittier adventure to the galaxy far, far away.Rogue One; like all the SW-premieres are always a fun event to experience. Fans and non-fans alike collectively get togetherThis is rebellion on a whole new (epic) level. It's a fun and more grittier adventure to the galaxy far, far away.Rogue One; like all the SW-premieres are always a fun event to experience. Fans and non-fans alike collectively get together once again for this space adventure. It's visually a big upgrade from the prequels, and it does to a certain point manage to embrace the original film's charisma. Fun, bright and enjoyable characters is a big trace -- and forget romance! This is a pure war film where companionship is everything. We follow 'Jyn Erso' and the main story is greatly focused on her, but a major letdown is the underdeveloped side-characters. They are all well presented and we get some inside to their personalities; but there's no major background nor development to characters like 'Cassian Andor'. Our main antagonist 'Orson Krennic' is very much the same. But there are some deeper layers to him, but sadly not enough to be considered a complex nor memorable villain. Because of this lack of greater depth to characters; the few emotional moments that does exist could have been even greater, because there are some great ones. The great one-liners from K-2SO is on the other hand very much appreciated, it's great that they really understand the importance of humor in the SW universe.The story that takes place is full of action, as expected -- but more importantly; the characters are the major players here. A great character-filled first act, a more passive & calmer second act, to a stunning and perhaps too massive third act -- that's Rogue One. There're many characters and places involved in this story. All of this made some of the story uneven. It kept going, from places to places, characters to characters and so on; it became an experience that's a bit too far- stretched. It lost that "wow-factor". The second act takes a step back and didn't impress me on a personal level. It's okay but nothing really impressive got to me. But I am confident enough to say to all the big SW-fans out there that you will definitely love this film, and yes there are some really impressive action pieces -- but I never got many "wow moments". It drags on and lacks a greater long-term stamina when it comes to action. When looking at the CGI; it's a major technological achievement, except for two major CGI characters that look all other than alive. They are impressive to look at; much details, but the way they interact and talk is so fake. Add a non- Williams score that's underwhelming, well the flick got flaws. But other than that I really enjoyed it!It's a good Star Wars movie. Not the best nor the worst. It got its flaws concerning the uneven storytelling and undeveloped side-characters, and some flaws are more serious than other. It's a beautiful story that's partially gritty and it got a stunning visualization of Vader. Add a darker tone, a very satisfying finale and an ending that manages to wrap everything together! That's Rogue One. It's the pure definition of rebellion.*psst don't enter this film expecting much Vader.Personal rating: 82/100 Critical rating: 70/100… Expand Unexpectedly bold and brilliant.  This was not the neutered,Disney version of Star Wars I was expecting.  In fact this was a very ballsy movie that made a lot of uncompromising creative decisions. There were moments that called to mindUnexpectedly bold and brilliant.  This was not the neutered,Disney version of Star Wars I was expecting.  In fact this was a very ballsy movie that made a lot of uncompromising creative decisions. There were moments that called to mind Apocalypse Now, Saving Private Ryan and Full Metal Jacket in that last act. And in some key ways it goes evenue further than those films. Hands up - I was not expecting this to be this good.… Expand I was 12 when the last decent Star Wars movie came out.I've been burned ever since: Special Editions, Prequels, Force Awakens (sorry, it sucks).So the bar was pretty low going in to the midnight screening.
10 minutes in and I rememberI was 12 when the last decent Star Wars movie came out.I've been burned ever since: Special Editions, Prequels, Force Awakens (sorry, it sucks).So the bar was pretty low going in to the midnight screening.10 minutes in and I remember turning to my friend (another 70's child) and saying "I don't know about you, but I'm f**kin lovin this already".By the end I couldn't get out of the seat. I was an emotional wreck. I had another emotional breakdown in the car on the way home.To everyone involved in making this film:Thank you for making Star Was awesome againI'm going again tonight, just to make sure I didn't dream this.… Expand This movie was made by someone who understands Star Wars, and everything that made SW good, the pacing of this movie is incredible, the ''new'' soundtrack it's awesome! This movie was a real good surprise, and Disney knows what it is doingThis movie was made by someone who understands Star Wars, and everything that made SW good, the pacing of this movie is incredible, the ''new'' soundtrack it's awesome! This movie was a real good surprise, and Disney knows what it is doing with the franchise! Gareth Edwards we want you back for another one!… Expand Some of you are giving this movie an outstanding write-up review with a score of 0, make sure you give it a score along with a write-up.  This movie is one-off star wars movie, one of the best in the franchise, far superior to episode 7 inSome of you are giving this movie an outstanding write-up review with a score of 0, make sure you give it a score along with a write-up.  This movie is one-off star wars movie, one of the best in the franchise, far superior to episode 7 in every way possible.  Everyone involved in this movie should be involved in every star wars movie from here on.… Expand Rogue One is the best Star Wars movie since 1980. The general consensus of last years Force Awakens was that the spirit of the original trilogy returned. However, the problem with Episode VII is in how the spirit is captured identically. InRogue One is the best Star Wars movie since 1980. The general consensus of last years Force Awakens was that the spirit of the original trilogy returned. However, the problem with Episode VII is in how the spirit is captured identically. In having returned so reverently, the franchise needed to display a willingness to tinker. Enter the newest cinematic addition to Star Wars. Rogue One is a balanced movie of hope and despair. The last Star Wars movie to find this magical balance in tone is The Empire Strikes Back. Likewise, Rogue One finds a unique synergy between old and new. The first anthology Star Wars movie works in its inevitable lead-in to an almost forty-year-old classic with a sense of invigoration. The movie smartly covers up modern filmmaking conventions with amazing throwbacks to the original trilogy. Seventies style facial hair can still be found on the Rebel pilots while a few smart cameos make the Star Wars initiated feel at home. The amount of Star Warsness to the film allows director Gareth Edwards to comfortably recton A New Hope. A problem with Rogue One is how the film can only be best enjoyed by a Star Wars fan. Rogue One is a decent enough war movie. The dogfights are exciting. The characters are charming and funny enough. The overall plot can’t be fully enjoyed without having seen A New Hope. In addition, the cinematic impact the film has on the future of this storied franchise also can't be appreciated by an outsider. Rogue One features the most diverse cast of any Star Wars movie... as well as the franchises more intense scenes. The mentioned scenes make up some of the best moments in a Star Wars movie to date. Rest assured the future of the franchise is in the very capable hands of Disney. Rouge One is how a franchise should make the old relevant.… Expand 10/10    I AM ONE WITH THE FORCE, AND THE FORCE IS WITH ME! I'm absolutely stunned and thrilled right now because I just witnessed the most authentic and truest representation of a Star Wars film since the original classic trilogy. This was10/10    I AM ONE WITH THE FORCE, AND THE FORCE IS WITH ME! I'm absolutely stunned and thrilled right now because I just witnessed the most authentic and truest representation of a Star Wars film since the original classic trilogy. This was nothing short of phenomenal and executed every single aspect of the galaxy/franchise in flawless fashion. From the gargantuan scale of the vastly magnificently planet scapes and ships to the wild variation of the characters, this might be the greatest film in the franchise yet. The action scenes are plenty and are amazingly set up on the ground and in the air. The cgi is the best I've seen in any film ever and the grand scale is masterful. The story was easily the most adventurous and well told than any in the franchise. The score was brilliant and captured the Star Wars feel beautifully. Gareth Edwards will now be known as one of the best new directors around after crafting this masterpiece. I was going to wait to see but couldn't hold my excitement and I would recommend everyone see this in the theatre for all It's glory.… Expand Just incredible. Reminded me of things that were great about the originals that I had forgotten. This is a masterful star wars film full of feeling and incredibly choreographed battle scenes. It makes the Force Awakens seem bloodless andJust incredible. Reminded me of things that were great about the originals that I had forgotten. This is a masterful star wars film full of feeling and incredibly choreographed battle scenes. It makes the Force Awakens seem bloodless and airless in comparison. The cqi recreations of old actors is the only fly in the ointment. Terrible, terrible decision. Would have been flawless without that.… Expand Rogue One manages to stay as a faithful chapter from the Star Wars franchise on its own league serving as a rightful prequel to the fourth episode. The creators right from the start had promised to bring something new to the table and theyRogue One manages to stay as a faithful chapter from the Star Wars franchise on its own league serving as a rightful prequel to the fourth episode. The creators right from the start had promised to bring something new to the table and they did deliver. The casting was perfect. The CGI has been remarkable with lots of surprise elements in offer for long time fans of the franchise from the 70s. Although the film delivers in the long run with all Stars Wars action elements ranging from stormtroopers to the  AT act walkers against the rebellion units , there are minor issues with general pacing as the story progresses around with its Death Star plot at instances with poorly timed execution of the characters related to it, bogging it down for viewers. The Force Awakens had an USP with great character execution but on the other hand the action sequences in Rogue One struck the right chord several notches above TFA for the prequel story. It deserves a solid 9.… Expand Rogue One is an amazing movie, but it takes some time to become it. It has an uneven, and somewhat uninteresting beginning, a fun but rather incongruous middle, and a spectacular end. Along the way, it both suffers and benefits from the worldRogue One is an amazing movie, but it takes some time to become it. It has an uneven, and somewhat uninteresting beginning, a fun but rather incongruous middle, and a spectacular end. Along the way, it both suffers and benefits from the world in which it's set.Rogue One is a unique journey through a very familiar world. It has everything you'd hope to see in a Star Wars movie - space battles, stormtroopers, new alien races, lovable droids, rogues turned heroes. Yet it still manages to feel fresh and different from the rest. I personally felt that this was one of the film's strengths, that it was something different. However, the film also pays a little too much homage to Star Wars: A New Hope, its immediate successor in the Star Wars chronology. There are several character from the original film who appear in Rogue One, a couple of whom are digitally rendered. It doesn't work. At all. It's rather unsettling to look at, and I'd much prefer they just recast those roles if they're set on using those characters.Once the film builds momentum, it's delightful to watch. The humor is great, the action is thrilling, and there are some genuinely real character moments. Sadly, the film is also punctuated throughout with heavy-handed attempts to inspire (you've never heard the word "hope" used so many times in a single screenplay). And there is an evil lair which is laughably on the nose. It couldn't get more stereotypically cartoonish.Despite its faults, Rogue One is a great time. It's definitely worth seeing in the theaters, but be aware: it might be a little intense for young kids.… Expand This is a guy's Star Wars movie that stars a chick in the lead. Trust me--if you owned all the toys when you were 11 years old, you are going to go bonkers over this thing. It's The Dirty Dozen in space with Darth Vader and AT ATs. During theThis is a guy's Star Wars movie that stars a chick in the lead. Trust me--if you owned all the toys when you were 11 years old, you are going to go bonkers over this thing. It's The Dirty Dozen in space with Darth Vader and AT ATs. During the last third of this thing I felt like I could take on the whole Empire myself. It's a flawed masterpiece. Weakest part is the music and some pacing problems in the first act--but it's not weak enough to affect my score.… Expand Rogue One is the epic story that follows a small group of rebels that steal the plans to the death star. I really liked the cinematography, special effects, action, and overall scope of this film. It is one of if not the most beautifulRogue One is the epic story that follows a small group of rebels that steal the plans to the death star. I really liked the cinematography, special effects, action, and overall scope of this film. It is one of if not the most beautiful looking Star Wars movies. Most of the new characters are really good as well and the performances provided by the various actors. The characters that stood out the most for me are Krennic, K2SO, and Chirrut. I wasn't a huge fan of Saw Gerrera and felt like some of the other characters weren't as memorable as I hoped they'd be. But after thinking about it I think thats the point of the story. This group of rebels ended up risking their lives for the greater good of the galaxy, and sometimes not being remembered after the fact is what happens in war. I only have one other main gripe with the film, and it has to do with a CGI character. I liked the writing and performance of the character I am just unsure that it feels organic enough to fit into the story. Overall these few nitpicks aren't really enough for me to feel the film is flawed because it is amazing in every other front. Especially the final act, oh man was it ever worth it. This is the prequel you are looking for.… Expand Great movie, with nice story, and a lot better feeling than so called "episode seven". The only flaw is soundtrack, which is variation of the original SW music. But the ending was great, and the movie really tie-in with episode 4. TommorowGreat movie, with nice story, and a lot better feeling than so called "episode seven". The only flaw is soundtrack, which is variation of the original SW music. But the ending was great, and the movie really tie-in with episode 4. Tommorow i'm going again. It's the best Star Wars movie since "Return of the Jedi".… Expand Little note: my review will be spoiler-freeHOLY S--T! What I just saw blew me away. What I came out of was "Star Wars" at it's best. "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" is, IMHO, now the TRUE best Star Wars film since "The Empire Strikes Back".Little note: my review will be spoiler-freeHOLY S--T! What I just saw blew me away. What I came out of was "Star Wars" at it's best. "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" is, IMHO, now the TRUE best Star Wars film since "The Empire Strikes Back". Set before the original "Star Wars" from 1977, this film shows us a true WAR in "Star Wars" by having spies of the Rebel Alliance go up against the evil Galactic Empire to steal the plans to their original Death Star. And, since Gareth Edwards, the director of this movie, really wanted to deliver a war film set in the Star Wars universe, akin to "Saving Private Ryan" and "Black Hawk Down", he was telling the truth coming out of what I saw. It really feels like a Star Wars movie in a whole new way. I will admit that I enjoyed "The Force Awakens", but, after a while, I've come to realize that while it is watchable, it feels safe in some ways. This one, really showed how original, different and new it was while being familiar when it knew too and it payed off big time in what I consider it's most serious, if not darkest, Star Wars ever. The entire cast of this movie shines. Felicity Jones plays Jyn Erso, our lead hero with strong brashness but such vulnerability you can't help but feel bad for her when you see how things play out for her in the film, especially with her father Galen (played by the always devious yet charming Mads Mikkelsen). Diego Luna puts effort into his role as Cassian Andor and makes it as memorable as his character's arc in the film is. Riz Ahmed really shows how conflicted his character, Bodhi Rook, is as he delivers playing a former Imperial cargo worker now struggling to redeem himself. Donnie Yen," and Jiang Wen are awesome as the pair of Force-believing warrior Chirrut Imwe and trigger-happy gun-wielding Baze Malbus. And, Alan Tudyk as the sarcastic reprogrammed droid K-2SO rounds out the cast to help make this movie work in their best way and they all get moments to shine in such iconic ways. Ben Mendohlson really showed his determination playing Orson Krennic in a different kind of villain for "Star Wars" to show. Darth Vader when he shows up really shows in this time where the film is set, he really is the Vader everyone grew up with. But, I cannot get off the hook without saying how impressed I am by Forest Whitaker's performance of my most anticipated character from this movie, Saw Gerrera from "Star Wars: The Clone Wars". While he was in this movie for more or less of what I expected, Forest Whitaker REALLY got into character as Saw and portrayed him in all the ways he was portrayed when we first saw him in "The Clone Wars". Also, if you generational Star Wars fans are hoping for ties to the Prequel Trilogy instead of just the Originals, well you're in luck, as we get appearances of not just characters and actors from the Prequels but also planets from the Prequels as well. We also visit new planets that help expand many parts of the Star Wars mythology such as where people stand in believing the Force and what it took to build the Death Star. Plus, be on the lookout for appearances and mentions of certain characters and ships from "Star Wars Rebels", which you can watch on Disney XD, when it returns with new episodes in January. Also, two important characters from the Original Trilogy make a return in some of the most well-made VFX ever put to film. I'm not spoiling who they are, so, you'll just have to watch for yourself. And, you'll feel like you're part of the action especially once you get to the epic space battle in the climax of the movie. Finally, Michael Giacchino really delivered with his score for this movie that really brings out the action and emotional development these characters go through to complete their mission as well as bringing something new to score in "Star Wars" while sprinkling familiar scores when needed. Overall, if you're looking for a phenomenal "Star Wars" film, "Rogue One" is that. It truly delivers on taking huge risks, like abandoning the traditional opening crawl, and finding its place into the "Star Wars" universe while remaining a standalone movie that really doesn't need to setup anything for the future of "Star Wars". And, that's good. I hope this movie is successful enough to do more riskier Star Wars spinoffs, especially if Episode IX is the last of the core Star Wars saga. I hope you all love this film, because I most certainly did. This film is for all generations of Star Wars fans. Go see it. You'll be glad you did. 5 stars. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️10/10… Expand I had low expectations after the cash-grab disappointment that was The Force Awakens, but Rogue One was a very pleasant surprise.Jyn Erso was wonderful, a true hero.

Rogue One proves you don’t need much lightsaber action at all to make aI had low expectations after the cash-grab disappointment that was The Force Awakens, but Rogue One was a very pleasant surprise.Jyn Erso was wonderful, a true hero.Rogue One proves you don’t need much lightsaber action at all to make a standout Star Wars movie.The most impressive thing about this film was how real it made the war feel. We saw sacrifices being made over and over for the sake of the Rebellion. This is why people are calling this a “dark” movie. It’s too optimistic, the rebels too successful, for the movie to be called dark; it’s weighty. The successes are earned at incredible cost. Such is war.One notable disappointment here was the musical score. It felt largely repurposed from John Williams’ previous work — and sometimes, that was enough, but it felt like a timid mimicry of greatness. Were there any new musical themes introduced? I don’t recall any. It’s fine, even necessary, to use the Imperial March when Vader shows up, but there needs to be more, too.We met so many delightful characters — all human except for K-2, whose brand of humor was most welcome, and which stands in stark contrast to the dumb dad-jokes C-3PO made in the latter prequels. No, this was smarter humor, which felt (again) more “earned.”Here’s hoping future Star Wars films will be more Rogue One and less The Force Awakens!… Expand Black Hawk Down meets Star Wars, that is what it's like watching Rogue One and it truly delivers on the action. This has some of the absolute best action sequences in any Star Wars film and it actually has what many of the films have lacked,Black Hawk Down meets Star Wars, that is what it's like watching Rogue One and it truly delivers on the action. This has some of the absolute best action sequences in any Star Wars film and it actually has what many of the films have lacked, stakes. Through good characters and terrific acting, Rogue One manages to succeed what most prequels fail to do, enhance the impact of later films. I see myself watching A New Hope through a new point of view and I have to say, Gareth Edwards made a Star Wars movie that stands on its own. Yes it's not a perfect movie, but it's a really good movie with minor flaws.… Expand The first time I watched the trailer, I was like meh. After watching the movie, I was pleasantly surprised. While I feel like this is not the most epic Star Wars movie ever (I mostly like lightsaber fights when it comes to Star Wars, andThe first time I watched the trailer, I was like meh. After watching the movie, I was pleasantly surprised. While I feel like this is not the most epic Star Wars movie ever (I mostly like lightsaber fights when it comes to Star Wars, and Rogue One does not have lightsaber fights), it's certainly decent. It's a classic father-daughter story, where you come to care about the characters. The robot droid was hysterical, honestly. Also, the tribute to characters such as Grand Moff Tarkin, was believable and plain creepy that they brought an actor who's been dead since the 90's, back to life. It was a pretty fantastic movie, much better than Force Awakens.… Expand An adult Star Wars. Rougher, grittier and more courageous than any other I've seen. I hadn't expected this movie to be as meaty as it was, significantly better than The Force Awakens. Vader is at his most menacing since I was in shortAn adult Star Wars. Rougher, grittier and more courageous than any other I've seen. I hadn't expected this movie to be as meaty as it was, significantly better than The Force Awakens. Vader is at his most menacing since I was in short pants.The space battles are the best they've ever done. The CGI to revitalize Cushing and Princess Leia is pitch perfect.On the day of Carrie Fisher's death, may she rest in peace, I'm giving Rogue One a 10… Expand As a self-titled moderate Star Wars fan (I enjoy watching the movies, but am not an expert in Star Wars at all) I enjoyed the film. I think that this works as a stand alone film, that isn't going to change anyones life, but it isAs a self-titled moderate Star Wars fan (I enjoy watching the movies, but am not an expert in Star Wars at all) I enjoyed the film. I think that this works as a stand alone film, that isn't going to change anyones life, but it is entertaining. As a member of the Star Wars family, it felt like a nice change of pace, was much grittier than usual, and had some good easter eggs. I say at the very least, this is a good movie to get you out of the house and get you a break from family during this holiday season.… Expand Unexpectedly Awesome Star Wars movie - the start has received criticism for jumping around too much but I didn't feel that at all - I felt it introduced the new characters efficiently. And then we have a bit of story genius that explains theUnexpectedly Awesome Star Wars movie - the start has received criticism for jumping around too much but I didn't feel that at all - I felt it introduced the new characters efficiently. And then we have a bit of story genius that explains the Death Stars weakness. It loses a point for the middle section which lagged a bit in my opinion. But that's soon forgotten as the action ramps up in the third act for some majorly exhilarating s***. I'm up off my chair in the last 2 minutes as you know who turns up. And the whole cinema cheers at the end.… Expand The last time the "Star Wars" franchise decided it wanted to make prequels... we got outraged fans who lost faith in the iconic franchise. Luckily, Gareth Edwards directs 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story', a title that might put-off some fans,The last time the "Star Wars" franchise decided it wanted to make prequels... we got outraged fans who lost faith in the iconic franchise. Luckily, Gareth Edwards directs 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story', a title that might put-off some fans, but the movie itself is definitely worth a watch. We meet a young girl named Jyn (Felicity Jones) who had to escape after her father, Galen (Mads Mikkelsen) is informed by Director Orson Krennic (Ben Mendelsohn) forces Galen to work on the crafting of the Death Star. After some decade and a half, Jyn meets Rebel Officer Cassian Andor (Diego Luna) and she is informed about the Death Star.She also meets a droid named K-2SO (a very funny Alan Tudyk) whose mannerisms and personality seem unusual, but helpful. They travel from planet to planet to find more clues on how to get the plans to destroy the Death Star, and they also find more characters to come and help. There is so much of this movie to talk about, but a "Star Wars" review can be easily spoiled, so I'm just going to summarize my thoughts on the movie. This is a really steady paced, dark and thrilling movie. The third act is one of the best third acts in any "Star Wars" movie, ever. The war battle that rages reminded me of the opening battle scene in 'Saving Private Ryan' (1998), obviously not that violent, but for this franchise's standards, it is. There are many familiar faces that return in this movie, most notably, Darth Vader (reprising the voice of James Earl Jones), who only makes two small appearances in this movie. But, they are so great, I cannot elaborate further without spoiling it, so I'll leave it there. This movie, which takes place before the events of 'Star Wars: A New Hope' (1977), really relies mostly on story as opposed to character. You get to know a lot about Jyn, a little bit about Cassian and K-2SO... but the rest are kind of glossed over as far as development goes. Director Gareth Edwards did a capable job of actually making this feel like a "War" movie, whereas the other movies were a space-opera spectacle. The first two acts are a little pacey here and there... but that third act is truly one of the best highlights for this entire franchise.… Expand The Force Awakens was not the sequel expected by the "original trilogy generation", but it is still a great movie and I love it. Actually, now we are learning that every new trilogy is built for a new generation. My seven years old son lovesThe Force Awakens was not the sequel expected by the "original trilogy generation", but it is still a great movie and I love it. Actually, now we are learning that every new trilogy is built for a new generation. My seven years old son loves TFA much more than any other SW movie. Like prequels were the best ones for the kids that grew up with them. Some are better, some worse, so subjective in some cases, all them are Star Wars, I just enjoy it.Rogue One is really a new paradigm. It's a branch in a new direction, in a wider angle.I enjoyed Rogue One in a new level, different. It's so fresh as classic, so funny as heartbreaking, so old as new. It's awesome. Tasty. I love every character from this movie. It's a story about the real war of the stars, the war of the people who dies for the cause. It was necessary to explain Star Wars from this point of view.To me, Rogue one is 10/10 as a movie.… Expand A truly fantastic movie, and the best Star Wars since The Empire Strikes back. The characters are all likable, the acting and music are great, the CGI is fantastic, and that ending... just wow! I would re-watch the ending a hundred times if IA truly fantastic movie, and the best Star Wars since The Empire Strikes back. The characters are all likable, the acting and music are great, the CGI is fantastic, and that ending... just wow! I would re-watch the ending a hundred times if I could.The only reasons it doesn't have a 10 are that we don't have many chances to sit down and really connect with the characters (what we do get is great, but a tiny bit more would be nice), and that several scenes in the trailers aren't actually in the movie (but this is understandable as Rogue One had to go through many re-shoots). Also, hopping from planet-to-planet at the start seemed a bit much, but it was needed for us to see all the characters.Overall, Rogue One is a truly exceptional movie, and I can't recommend it enough. Whether you're a Star Wars fanatic or not, it's still incredible.… Expand The movie has bit too quick of a start. You are jumping from one planet to another in span of few minutes and can get lost there. However, with second act of the movie this is gone and third one is probably best epic space fight we saw inThe movie has bit too quick of a start. You are jumping from one planet to another in span of few minutes and can get lost there. However, with second act of the movie this is gone and third one is probably best epic space fight we saw in Star Wars universe ever. The movie does a lot of fanservice, obvious to any SW fan, but which non-fans and first timers would probably didnt even notice (Hammerhead class ship from KoToR), however is funny, quick paced, the plot gets it together in second act and ties up really great at the end, the acting was very well done (especially Donnie Yen). Great movie, go watch, 6.5/10 average by "professional" critics is absurd.… Expand After a ho-hum Episode 7 that rehashes the plot of Episode 4, I wasn't sure I had much faith left in Disney's ability to resurrect this franchise and push it forward. Rogue One has completely changed my mind on that. One can make a case thatAfter a ho-hum Episode 7 that rehashes the plot of Episode 4, I wasn't sure I had much faith left in Disney's ability to resurrect this franchise and push it forward. Rogue One has completely changed my mind on that. One can make a case that the first 30 minutes of the movie are a bit forgettable but ultimately they create the groundwork for the rest of the film, which connects phenomenally with Episode 4's first moments. Where Rogue One succeeds over Episode 7 is the visceral feel of the film. This is absolutely a space epic with futuristic technology and tons of gloss but somehow it all comes off with a little grit and loads more adventure than last year's Episode 7. Rogue One shows that there are stories worth telling in between the major events seen in each Episode film. Even if you're not an avid Star Wars fan, you can appreciate what Rogue One is, but tuned-in fans will love seeing several familiar faces of the early Rebellion. Whatever the next Star Wars film is, bring it one!… Expand This is a grittier, darker Star Wars film than the main saga. The battle's feel more real, gravitated and weighted. Visually, the film is absolutely stunning and deserves full marks. Some of the scenes in Rogue One are some of the best I'veThis is a grittier, darker Star Wars film than the main saga. The battle's feel more real, gravitated and weighted. Visually, the film is absolutely stunning and deserves full marks. Some of the scenes in Rogue One are some of the best I've ever seen in a Star Wars film. The beginning of the movie however, is muddled and lacks focus. There are too many characters with not enough development, and too many things happening to really get your teeth into. While the second half of the film will blow audiences away, the first feels a little clunky and the re-shooting seems obvious as you watch.Although it has a shaky start, the film is definitely worth watching, especially for Star Wars fans. There is much to enjoy here but it comes with some flaws. If you forgive it for it's pacing and character misfires, this is a solid entry in the franchise.… Expand I really want to give this movie a higher score but I just can't. I'll list the good things about this movie first. This one in my opinion has the best space battles, visually stunning and action packed. It's more of a war film compared toI really want to give this movie a higher score but I just can't. I'll list the good things about this movie first. This one in my opinion has the best space battles, visually stunning and action packed. It's more of a war film compared to the other star wars movies. Some of the new characters were pretty cool, their performances were actually good. Well acted, but not amazing. My biggest issue with the film would have to be character's backstory. I'm not going to count the female protagonist,because the movie did a good job explaining her past, but what about the other guys? Some of the good guys were put in without a backstory, so the entire time while I was watching the movie, I was wondering about their backgrounds. My second issue is the the second act, it felt a bit slow because the pacing. The third act was very good, well executed and definitely worth watching just for the third act in this film.… Expand After seeing Kevin Smith's reaction to the movie I immediately went and saw it opening day. What a rewarding experience it turned out to be. While watching the movie I felt somewhat skeptical as to the direction everything was going, but theAfter seeing Kevin Smith's reaction to the movie I immediately went and saw it opening day. What a rewarding experience it turned out to be. While watching the movie I felt somewhat skeptical as to the direction everything was going, but the third act is a breath taking edge of your seat roller coaster ride that delivers on so many levels and ended on such a high note. Totally recommend. Righteous prequel to A New Hope. Do yourself a favor, see this movie in theaters and share the experience with as many people as you know. This movie will be more and more revered for its place in star wars cinematographic entries as time goes on.… Expand With only a few cheesy fan service moments and a long, exposition-filled first act, Rogue One makes up for nearly all mistakes with a beautiful final act and a thrilling final scene that kept me on the edge of my seat. If you are a Star Wars fan, this movie is a must see. If you're not, see it anyways.… Expand I've waited to see a 5/10 movie, so i decided to count plusses and minuses.Main male character is -Main female character is +-Grand Moff Tarkin is +++Lack of normal Imperial March when Vader enters the room is -Blind monk with heavy friend is +Two boring inspirational speaks is --Three in time jokes is ++Couple of off time jokes is -The End is +New robot is - (except for final part +)7 total.… Expand Rogue One isn’t perfect, but it is a great breath of fresh air for the Star Wars Franchise. The direction feels very different at first, feeling more handheld at not super Star Wars-esque because of its grittier more grounded style, but thisRogue One isn’t perfect, but it is a great breath of fresh air for the Star Wars Franchise. The direction feels very different at first, feeling more handheld at not super Star Wars-esque because of its grittier more grounded style, but this is great and works for the film. It ends up making it feel like a real war and struggle for the rebellion and it ends up changing later towards the end in tonal shift and direction to blend into A New Hope.Pacing is a little odd at first, but the first section is interesting enough to keep you very invested, especially with all the character introductions. The second act is a littler quieter and a bit of a lull but still has enough going on and differs itself from the rest of the film to keep it fresh. The last section is an intense all out action masterpiece, and really gives a space feeling of something similar to the end battle of Saving Private Ryan. Characters are well enough written for you to enjoy and like them all, however they are a little underdeveloped for the most part and you end up wanting more from them. This ends up not hindering the film too much since the film is a standalone. This film does carry itself well, it knows when to be dark without over doing it and changes location at a nice rate with a clear understanding of where and what folk are doing.This also the first film where Darth Vader is actually fully terrifying, he is almost like an insanely powerful sci fi MikeMyers. Even thoug he isn’t in it much, his presence is palpable.The good thing about Rogue One also is that it doesn’t try to keep using nostalgia to interest its viewers (which TFA did a lot) but does have plenty of nice little easter eggs.The droid K2SO in the film is also the comic relief of it, but whilst a few jokes hit the mark a lot are unnecessary and too forced in, and there is (like TFA) a lot of cheesy 2016 throwaway jokes just put in there. Disney need to learn to restrain themselves from certain jokes, and when they do put them in they need to understand when to end the joke and how to fully have them come across.Last two complaints, the new score for the film is cheesy and doesn’t fit the film at all, and really takes away from it as a whole sadly. Dubbing John Williams over it would be very cheap, but to be honest it would probably make the film feel more epic and fit more. There is also some questionable CGI characters in the film which just look unnatural in the film but still don’t ruin it too much.Overall, this film diverges enough away from Star Wars to make it feel fresh but also very nicely connects itself to the original trilogy. Action is awesome yet characters are a little underdeveloped, special effects are gorgeous but score is disappointing. It is a tragic war film set in the Star Wars universe, and Gareth Edwards did something brave with what he had.Bravo to you sir.8/10… Expand Rogue one is perhaps one of the greatest Star Wars film ever made -but not a great film in itself. I agree character and pacing is a bit off, but I think people forget that Star Wars never really had great character development to begin withRogue one is perhaps one of the greatest Star Wars film ever made -but not a great film in itself. I agree character and pacing is a bit off, but I think people forget that Star Wars never really had great character development to begin with but rather great actors giving a really good performance (ie Harrison Ford's lines a lot of his one-liners were ad lib). My personal gripe with this film is probably that a lot of the characters felt a bit tagged on - like the blind dude etc, and some of the choices they do (ie in the ending) feels forced and illogical -and could have been written better in terms of what happens to them. The ending is rather unambiguous and a certain CGI character appears too much and does something at the end for no reason (only to ensure there won't be a sequel). Also Gareth Edwards could've shot some of the action scenes better and give some character's a proper arc which was lacking. Lack of a crawl and insistence of using location cards were a bit off-putting.However Rogue One has the best world building, plot development, costume design, lighting and story flow out of the other Star Wars films. The film doesnt rely on wipes to get to one place to another which is great. Rogue one also have amazing action sequences and impeccable sound design. All the locations feel like real worlds compared to Force Awaken (which felt like small set designs). Although the score lacked more distinguishable motifs, I thought it flowed really well with the action o the films - and more of the traditional motifs were integrated well.  Overall I thought Rogue One was a better Star Wars film than TFA and maybe even ROTJ, only because the world building and action was impeccable.… Expand **** the critic that all i can say. This film is pure gold with great visual and story telling. star wars rogue one is perfect link between ep 3 and 4  also there so many good character in flim with marvel sense of humor . If u wonder should**** the critic that all i can say. This film is pure gold with great visual and story telling. star wars rogue one is perfect link between ep 3 and 4  also there so many good character in flim with marvel sense of humor . If u wonder should you watch this then the answer is yes… Expand I was 7 when I watched my first Star Wars movie "A New Hope" it was the year 1987. I guess I can say that I prefer old movies above all else, maybe because of that I hated every frame of it. Before I was going to ROGIU ONE I honestly had noI was 7 when I watched my first Star Wars movie "A New Hope" it was the year 1987. I guess I can say that I prefer old movies above all else, maybe because of that I hated every frame of it. Before I was going to ROGIU ONE I honestly had no expectations, NO HOPE at all.My GOD. I was gonna cry in the end. That was the movie I was waiting for since "Empire Strikes Back". Visually the movie is a masterpiece, way and way better then "Episode VII". Battles are breath taking, I dont wanna spoil it that is why I cant go into detail. THIS MOVIE DESCRIBES THE "WAR" in STAR WARS. A real war, where everyone SUFFERS, where darkness looms, innocent & evil die, this story shows what we have never seen before.And such an ending, thanks to Gareth Edwards, really I can die in peace now, this movie is the one and one only that almost made me cry, smile, laugh, made me sit on the edge of my seat on the second part.I GUARANTEE YOU, if you love EPISODE 4-5-6 the most, THIS IS THE MOVIE YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR.… Expand Rogue One does a lot of things right, but tallies up a few missteps along the way.The good:  Well-acted; great special effects that enhanced but did not distract; and solid action.The Bad:  Music added nothing to the story/was completely forgettable; plot was more complex than in needed to be.The Ugly:  ZERO emotional attachment to any character, good or bad.Should be a 6 but threw in an extra bone for the Vader action towards the end.… Expand Well, I'm really waiting for this movie. I waited a very dark and adult story. And I get it. Yes, the first half of the movie is too much boring and tighten but then the narrative accelerates twice and actions happened is too fast. And ofWell, I'm really waiting for this movie. I waited a very dark and adult story. And I get it. Yes, the first half of the movie is too much boring and tighten but then the narrative accelerates twice and actions happened is too fast. And of course about battles. It a one of the massive battles in Star Wars saga, I enjoying of every single minute.… Expand Star Wars Rogue One was personally one of my favorite Star Wars movies. The movie takes a while to get the viewer's attention, but after that the movie became very interessting. CGI was well done, casting and acting was good and storyline was well written and unpredictable. (SPOILER ALERT): This is also one of the few action movies and the only Star Wars movie were they main characters die.… Expand In my opinion this is one of the best star wars movies ever. It's gritty, grounded, has a lot of action and callbacks to the original trilogy, and overall great. Most of the characters also have great development and i am actually sympatheticIn my opinion this is one of the best star wars movies ever. It's gritty, grounded, has a lot of action and callbacks to the original trilogy, and overall great. Most of the characters also have great development and i am actually sympathetic for the villain. Vader in this movie is so satisfying and all the scenes that he's in is amazing, it really shows what Vader really is. The only negative that i have with this movie is probably the characters with the CGI face which doesn't work as seamlessly as it could be.… Expand If you love Star Wars, you will love this! In my opinion even better than Force Awakens! If you didn't like Force Awakens go see this! Now! So many nostalgic things and oh, the emotions I experienced during this movie! 10/10 I will probablyIf you love Star Wars, you will love this! In my opinion even better than Force Awakens! If you didn't like Force Awakens go see this! Now! So many nostalgic things and oh, the emotions I experienced during this movie! 10/10 I will probably go watch this one again!I love space fighting and this movie has lots of it!… Expand So, I saw "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" last night and I was actually very impressed. I read a lot of reviews before I actually went and saw this film. So while reading these reviews I was beginning to become skeptical myself, they rantedSo, I saw "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" last night and I was actually very impressed. I read a lot of reviews before I actually went and saw this film. So while reading these reviews I was beginning to become skeptical myself, they ranted and raved about how the Disney keeps introducing planets and characters that they want us to fall in love with or force upon us and have never heard of. This is a side story all on it's own, so we are going to meet characters that we don't know, we are going to see planets that we haven't seen before, and that is ok."Rogue One" is probably the best Star Wars film since "The Empire Strikes Back", it leaves us right where it is supposed to chronologically in the saga. It has you pulling and falling in love with all the characters for the most part. The little cameos that we see here and there are well placed to give you that little nostalgia feeling.If we all remember in "Episode IV: A New Hope" where the leader of the Rebel Alliance Mon Mothma says that a lot of people had lost their lives to recover these plans. Well "Rogue One" is the story behind what she was talking about.Jyn Erso the daughter of Galen Erso, was played by Felicity Jones, an English actress known for playing the role of Jane Hawking in the film "The Theory of Everything" in 2014. I am sure now she will be known as the actress who starred in "Rogue One". She played the role with poise and gumption, bringing the character to life with the strength that her character stood for in the saga. We first meet her character at an adult age when she has already been captured by Imperials and is then "liberated" by members of the Rebel Alliance. Those Rebels would be Cassian Andor and K-2SO played by Diego Luna and the delightful Alan Tudyk. Diego Luna plays a rough around the edges and very secretive scoundrel role in this film, where you don't know if he is good guy or bad guy, while Alan Tudyk plays his sarcastic and very blunt comedic sidekick that is sure to leave you laughing and begging for more.If you are going to go see this film, keep an open mind that this is a story that we knew little of, and that Disney did a great job bringing this story to life and giving us more of an insight on what the Rebel Alliance went through to overcome the great evil that was the Empire.This movie isn't meant to be compared to any of the other episodes that we have seen in previous years. It is to tell the prequel story of the most beloved Trilogy of all time. So don't go to this film with doubts, go to see this film with the hopes to catch a glimpse of something you have never seen before, there are no preconceptions of what to think, because this is a whole brand new story, so you can take it for what it is for, a wonderfully filmed movie, with characters you can connect with for the first and (spoiler alert) the last time.The film has everything, AT-AT's, AT-ST's, sarcastic droids, Dog Fights, real plot lines and a grand finish! A must see in theaters, don't wait to Redbox this movie, you need to go see it in theaters to appreciate it's full value.I hope this review was helpful, and I hope you enjoy the film as much as I did.Vader is still a beast!-Devin of All Things Nerdy… Expand Amazing star wars movie, it has his problems but at least is something different, the prequel we deserve, now i have a lot of fait in this new anthology movies. (please check the negative reviews, its incredible how people can be so stupid, iAmazing star wars movie, it has his problems but at least is something different, the prequel we deserve, now i have a lot of fait in this new anthology movies. (please check the negative reviews, its incredible how people can be so stupid, i mean i know its their opinion but damn alot of them didnt even know what movie they were watching)… Expand Für mich einer der besten SW-Filme,weit vor Ep7.Grandiose Kameraperspektiven (z.B. der Sternenzerstörer über der Tempelstadt).Die Imps treffen zwar immer noch nicht präzise,aber wenigstens besser als in den anderen Teilen :-P
Was für einFür mich einer der besten SW-Filme,weit vor Ep7.Grandiose Kameraperspektiven (z.B. der Sternenzerstörer über der Tempelstadt).Die Imps treffen zwar immer noch nicht präzise,aber wenigstens besser als in den anderen Teilen :-PWas für ein Schlachtengetümmel und Vader,Tarkin und Leia wiederzusehen war es allein schon wert :-)… Expand Awesome is only word i can use to describe this masterpiece. It basically a war movie with star wars look. awesome character , great visual effecf and story telling. This movie is prefect missing link between ep 3 and 4. also they add aAwesome is only word i can use to describe this masterpiece. It basically a war movie with star wars look. awesome character , great visual effecf and story telling. This movie is prefect missing link between ep 3 and 4. also they add a little of Marvel sense of humor make it ez to watch for new audience . And last but not least Darth Vader super badass in this film. just go to theater and watch it u won't be disappoint… Expand In five years I will appreciate Rogue One more than I do today.This is the first Star Wars movie with a major departure from the formula that viewers have come to expect from the franchise and it is instantly noticeable.

These majorIn five years I will appreciate Rogue One more than I do today.This is the first Star Wars movie with a major departure from the formula that viewers have come to expect from the franchise and it is instantly noticeable.These major departures have both a positive and negative impact on the movie as a whole.Throughout the film you will find yourself comfortable in the world of Star Wars for a moment, then the movie will make it aware you are watching the creation of someone else with their own ideas.Watching this movie in the theater I felt conflicted as these new ideas were meddling with something that I have grown up with for years.However after a night to sleep on the matter, I came to the conclusion that some of my perceived flaws in the movie will become all too important in the coming years.Those who are a die hard Star Wars fan will notice this instantly.The opening of the movie is drastically different than what you would expect from anything in the Star Wars universe. It delves straight into a frantic affair rather than the slow crawl of subtext that appear throughout the series.There is a lack of screen wipes during scene changes, this might sound like a small detail, but in the grand scheme of Star Wars movies, this has always been a staple that felt extremely jarring for a first time viewing.It’s these small details that don’t feel familiar which will have people annoyed or at least scratching their heads.Also Darth Vader makes a pun. No, that should never happen again.That being said, I appreciate the movie nonetheless.This movie is not afraid to take risks and I greatly respect that.While the previous filming  decisions seem a bit jarring, many of the other changes to the Star Wars formula feel like a welcome addition to the universe.The Rebel Alliance is shown to be something other than an angelic being to rid the galaxy of the big bad guys.They make deals with extremists, fight guerrilla wars and hide within civilian populations. I love the expansion of ideals and it even warrants the idea that some were even content or happy with the empire in comparison.The agents and main characters aren’t necessarily the good guys, they are just fighting for what they believe in. Many of them even fight for what the viewer may perceive as the wrong reasons, but the right cause.There is so much in this movie that makes the conflict and galaxy feel more real than the main series.Especially the third act, which is hands down the best part of the movie.The final battle was magnificent from beginning to end, it felt like watching the Vietnam War in space. That is about the best thing I could ever imagine.I could have had the entire movie be the story be about some random soldiers on this battlefield and it might have actually been a better film.Unfortunately because of the highs of the third act it makes the first two acts look weak in comparison.The film has some major pacing issues in the first act. Nothing quite seemed to flow properly and getting all the information before the film moved along to the next scene was challenging.It feels like first portions of the movie were solely there to get towards the final act. That inherently makes it less fun to experience.The film needed a couple more relaxed moments for the characters to build who they were for each other.

They never quite felt like they cared for each other which in a movie about a squad of characters is really needed.

The best comparison I can make is to Guardians of The Galaxy. The characters never had that moment of interaction that made them bond together through exploits which Guardians of The Galaxy pulled off with flying colors.

This movie needed that to really put the exclamation point on the third act.

In summary, I enjoyed the hell out of Rogue One despite some pacing issues and lack of character empathy.

If you didn’t enjoy The Force Awakens because it felt like a retread of the original film, this will likely be a much more enjoyable affair.

As a movie, it feels like a fresh take on the Star Wars universe. While that doesn’t always work the way intended, it sets up the ability for other directors and filmmakers in the future to do the same. I greatly respect that idea and look forward to see what is next.

View the video version of this review here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGi71YjuxQA… Expand SPOILER-FREE REVIEW    A movie from Star Wars universe. Recommended whether you saw any previous SW movies or not.    This movie starts a bit weaker but it becomes an absolute masteripiece by the end! Disney wasn't afraid to go into darkerSPOILER-FREE REVIEW    A movie from Star Wars universe. Recommended whether you saw any previous SW movies or not.    This movie starts a bit weaker but it becomes an absolute masteripiece by the end! Disney wasn't afraid to go into darker events. Yes, this isn't some happy story, this is a WAR story in Star WARS and it's absolutely amazing.    It has all what I wanted from Star Wars: Space Battles, The Force, cool lovable robots, lasers and explosions, deep characters. The Rebelion is shown from a different perspective - they are good guys, but sometimes they do shady and sad stuff to keep them selves alive. This enriches SW universe, where rebels are mostly shown as only good people.    The models and CGI are absolutely amazing. I had shivers going down my spine when I realized just how big Star Destroyer is and then they show Death Star behind it. I was in awe. Skirmishes are clever and Storm troopers are more dangerous and actualy hit people, especialy the elite back ones. Music on-par with movie quality.    Darth Vader is scary again! The scene with him is so epic and intimidating! I don't give this 10/10 for 2 reasons: 1)Weak start - first 15 minutes of film are not as good as the rest, It starts slowly with a remote family story, whcih I would rate 6/10. 2) A little bit of cliche stuff. Although amazingly well done, its another Death Star plot, and I had enough of Death star plot in SW. Even Force Awakens was enough. People in market agressively bumping character's shoulder and then shouting at them-I saw this in so many films, it's a small one, but I noticed it, among other nit-picks.    Overall it's an amazing Star Wars film and even amazing film on it's own. I totaly recommend it. My final verdict is 9/10 - It's a must see.… Expand Really enjoyed this addition to the Star Wars universe. It's a universe we're familiar with and a dark and gritty story that pays off in incredible ways at the end.  There are very few movies with 3rd acts that have left me with an almostReally enjoyed this addition to the Star Wars universe. It's a universe we're familiar with and a dark and gritty story that pays off in incredible ways at the end.  There are very few movies with 3rd acts that have left me with an almost immediate feeling that I needed or wanted more - and it pays off extremely well every time.The film expands the universe to a few new planets, but what I enjoyed most about these new locations is how real they feel.  They are bustling hubs, full of life and activity, a feeling that really captures how Mos Eisley felt the first time that I had seen it.  Most importantly though, the Empire is everywhere.  The scale of the Empire is shown off to massive degrees, and that's exactly the way it should be.  There is tremendous attention to details, and you can tell these worlds were crafted with great care in mind.The movie does seem to wear you down a bit before the 3rd act begins.  Many complaints show an issue with the movie being fairly boring or snoozy, or there being problems with the dialogue.  After seeing the film a couple of times, I don't think the movie snoozes as it does move from place to place briskly, but it does seem difficult for it to hold the audience's attention as we can see from other reviews.  Still, this is a movie about a desperate move by the Rebellion to find out more about the Empire's super weapon, and the tone is conveyed as such.  These characters are on a mission, and they have to do it quickly.  The stakes are high, and because they are so high, it is what helps the final parts of this move pay off in astounding ways.Still, the characters could have been rounded out just a touch more.  The acting is all really quite good, but there's just not enough of these characters to make us root for them a bit more.  It was what could have taken this film from really very good to excellent, but it's just not quite there.But everything pays off in the final act of this film.  It's a gigantic battle, and you can feel how desperate both sides are for victory.  These are some of the best moments in the entire saga's history - from the beginning of the battle to the final scene.  The Empire and Rebellion move like set pieces on a chess board - each strategically trying to turn the advantage, each coming up with a new surprise.  Of course, there is a moment here that every Star Wars fan could not help but love, but really, the entire battle is a classic moment for Star Wars.  The Battle at Scarif turns this movie from perhaps an average or dangerously below average to nearly astounding.  That is how good it is.  It pays off the journey to get to this point in the film, and while I didn't think it was a slog at all, I certainly appreciated the journey tremendously more so than the moments before it.  Indeed, the final moments left me wanting more, almost immediately, I wanted to go back.  It is can't miss stuff for any Star Wars Fan, and really, it makes the film pay off for any newcomer that might come into this universe as well.  It's exciting, it's poetic, it's fan service, but it's also very fresh.  Rogue One is not just a worthy addition to Star Wars - as a direct lead-in to A New Hope, it makes New Hope even more exciting in tremendous new ways.  Does it have a few problems? Sure it does, but Rogue One makes up for the issues in incredible ways, and it earns its spot as one of the top films in the entire series.… Expand Rogue one is a dark, gritty and the most realistic movie in the Franchise. A Fascinating Story with Stand-out performances and a Mind blowing 3rd act. Gareth Edwards direction with the Action scenes and VFX is ground-breaking. The only issueRogue one is a dark, gritty and the most realistic movie in the Franchise. A Fascinating Story with Stand-out performances and a Mind blowing 3rd act. Gareth Edwards direction with the Action scenes and VFX is ground-breaking. The only issue with the movie is the 2nd act wasn't structured well.… Expand Rogue One kicks off the Star Wars spin-offs in great fashion. While it lacks compelling characters, it makes up for it with exhilarating action, spectacular visuals, great performances from it's cast and a third act that is none stop edge ofRogue One kicks off the Star Wars spin-offs in great fashion. While it lacks compelling characters, it makes up for it with exhilarating action, spectacular visuals, great performances from it's cast and a third act that is none stop edge of your seat excitement and intensity. It also leads into "A New Hope" perfectly without feeling forced. This is a Star Wars Story worth telling and worth experiencing on the big screen!… Expand This film is so much fun even with its few flaws.  My favorite part of the film is the third act which is terrifically shot with a lot of emotion and great action.  The lead up, the setting up of the team is put together fairly fast whichThis film is so much fun even with its few flaws.  My favorite part of the film is the third act which is terrifically shot with a lot of emotion and great action.  The lead up, the setting up of the team is put together fairly fast which doesn't allow for much character development.  Also I felt some of the cameos were forced just to get a fan reaction instead of writing them in with more thought.  Overall this is my fifth favorite Star Wars film behind the original trilogy and TFA. A-… Expand This is the first time Star Wars really felt like war. By focusing on single mission and battle the stakes of the entire world feel greater in retrospect. Star Wars fans will not be disappointed; it revels in the ambiance of the old filmsThis is the first time Star Wars really felt like war. By focusing on single mission and battle the stakes of the entire world feel greater in retrospect. Star Wars fans will not be disappointed; it revels in the ambiance of the old films without feeling derivative of them. Might also be the darkest Star Wars film to date, showing why a new hope was really needed. A great way to start off the side films.… Expand A fun, exhilarating Disney space adventure. The film works on almost all levels, particularly the CGI created Peter Cushing, Princess Leia, a fantastic final battle and an unforgettable scene with Darth Vader.… Expand This is the Star Wars movie I've been waiting for.My All time favorite movie is A New Hope and since then, I always wanted to see more rebel action and plot.
This movie delivers just that.

We can all agree that some scenes are too long, orThis is the Star Wars movie I've been waiting for.My All time favorite movie is A New Hope and since then, I always wanted to see more rebel action and plot.This movie delivers just that.We can all agree that some scenes are too long, or hurt the course of the movie.But overall, it has everything a movie needs to be a GOOD Star Wars.Aliens, original world, space battles (and what a space battle...), land battle...And this movie is dark. I mean, "The end justifies the mean" could be used to describe the rebel moves...The ties to the ep III and IV are well made. The use of the CGI was unexpeted but welcomed.All in all, this movie is a must for a Star Wars fan.For non fan, compare it the Saving the Private Ryan with lasers :)… Expand Loved it. Felicity Jones was the true heroine/ hero and I fell in love. I also felt like the other major characters played their parts well. Also loved the blind guy (Chirrut). A True star wars movie!! Didn't just feel like an attemptedLoved it. Felicity Jones was the true heroine/ hero and I fell in love. I also felt like the other major characters played their parts well. Also loved the blind guy (Chirrut). A True star wars movie!! Didn't just feel like an attempted nostalgia trip.… Expand It was always going to have a predictable outcome, but a pretty decent flick nonetheless. Just good enough to stay in "go watch it eventually" status.The beginning of the movie planet-hops a bit too much, some characters feelIt was always going to have a predictable outcome, but a pretty decent flick nonetheless. Just good enough to stay in "go watch it eventually" status.The beginning of the movie planet-hops a bit too much, some characters feel underdeveloped, and the action scenes could've been more interesting.Really fun third act though. Special mention for Donnie Yen and Jiang Wen, they did a great job playing their characters.… Expand I've watched the other Star Wars films hundreds of times but I'd have to rank this in the top 3 at the least. I don't know if I can edit this later but I'm going to be brief because I want this to show. Now everyone saw there was a spaceI've watched the other Star Wars films hundreds of times but I'd have to rank this in the top 3 at the least. I don't know if I can edit this later but I'm going to be brief because I want this to show. Now everyone saw there was a space battle in the trailers but it gets much better than the trailers give it service .This has to be the best space battle ever and every actor exceeded expectations. Felicity Jones  especially. Most of the music for the film wasn't that good it seemed to try and mimic John Williams trumpets and repeated notes and that was kinda stupid. I was hoping they would mix it up a bit.… Expand The only reason I'm not giving Rogue One a 10/10 score is because it does have a some minor flaws in the plot and could have done a better job with character building. Overall however, this film is awesome, and I haven't enjoyed a Star WarsThe only reason I'm not giving Rogue One a 10/10 score is because it does have a some minor flaws in the plot and could have done a better job with character building. Overall however, this film is awesome, and I haven't enjoyed a Star Wars film so much since The Empire Strikes Back. It might even be the best overall. I certainly enjoyed it more than the Force Awakens.… Expand 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' ultimately is black and white for me. As far as a final result and my reaction of the film as a whole, it was great entertainment and a lot of Star Wars fun. The action, once it started up, was fast-paced and'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' ultimately is black and white for me. As far as a final result and my reaction of the film as a whole, it was great entertainment and a lot of Star Wars fun. The action, once it started up, was fast-paced and constant. The effects were a, as expected, beautiful sight to see and also a lot of fun per usual. And lastly, the connection of this film to the Star Wars universe was very well done. So regardless of what I am about to say, Rogue One is definitely worth the view or two as it is a treat to see a new take, or at least, a more detailed take on events that happened within the Star Wars story line.Now for the bad: Even though it is entertaining, how bad can a Star Wars movie honestly be with all the previous ground work already laid out? This film was great when based off of the action, the Star Wars feel, and a story that is already so developed, it is easy to create something within it. Now what about performances? This film was great when no one was talking. The leads, Felicity Jones and Diego Luna, lacked charisma and presence while on screen. I felt no major connection to them nor did I feel I cared about them in the least bit. Easily, the more entertaining characters were within the performances of Alan Tudyk and Donnie Yen who played K-2SO and Chirrut Îmwe. These two held attention and were loved characters for the personality that they brought to the screen. Not to mention, I am saying that a robot brought more personality than two humans... That is an issue to me... So beyond the two very weak main characters, the early first half portion of the film starts out very slow. For what may be the first thirty minutes, it is frequent location jumps and story development with little enticing moments leading up to what begins the fast-paced action that easily makes the movie worthwhile. Just to put the slow-paced start in perspective, I watched this movie once at a 10:30 PM showing on pre-release night and fell asleep. Yes, it is that slow.So, regardless of my negativity, the Star Wars fan in me was extremely satisfied with what I was given. The overall Star Wars feel of these movies will more than likely forever give me a satisfied feel when I reach the end of it but as I stated before, Disney would have to try very hard to fail when they have a tried and true formula already laid out before them. They are going to need to make new characters that can deliver powerful performances if they wish to come back to the status that Star Wars was at when 'A New Hope' and the original trilogy first came out.-- Oberrated --… Expand ROGUE ONE REVIEW
Star Wars is back and Star Wars is now real force!

Where to begin reviewing this movie. It achieves so much within its simplicity and a rather narrow scope of a mission, but manages to expand on the known Star wars Lore byROGUE ONE REVIEWStar Wars is back and Star Wars is now real force!Where to begin reviewing this movie. It achieves so much within its simplicity and a rather narrow scope of a mission, but manages to expand on the known Star wars Lore by doing so, and introducing us to many new and reminding us of a quite a few old characters, in different scopes of screen time, some important to the plot, others more of fan service, letting us know they do exist in this ever expanding universe.Felicity Jones as Jyn Erso,  Alan Tyduk as K2S0 and Forest Whitaker as Saw Gerrera steal the show. Yes that is that Saw Gerrera to who ever watched Clone Wars animated series.  Felicity Jones carries the entire movie with her conviction and fearlessness. K-2SO provides the most of the part of the comic relief but not in a way that anyone has seen before, think of him as of more cynical version of C-3PO, that way I do not go into much details or spoil much of his character. Forest Whitaker is fantastic as war grizzled Saw Gerrera that shows us just exactly how much war can change anyone, regardless of what side you are on.Another big surprise  in this movie was just how much screen-time was dedicated to the Empire and its characters with Ben Mendelsohn as Commander Krennic, puts a real face to the Empire, and how the people behind it, were as divided and human as any of the other rebel characters. That is probably partially true, as he's one of the only real Imperial characters really developed on screen other than Vader/Palpatine before, and it was very interesting to see that side of the war as well. This is where the movie really shines as well, as it shows that even Imperial officers like him, have their own agendas and dreams.Rest of the cast is very very capable as well with Mads Mikellsen leading the cast as the imperial science officer, and Donnie Yen (Yeah!) as a blind staff wielding warrior, and its Donnie Yen in Star Wars movie, that's all that really needs to be said about that! Rest of the cast is also very capable and the charisma and the connection between these characters is very well established.Gareth Edwards manages to make an adult version of Star Wars not saying the others were not adult oriented movies, but this one is not really relying on humor but establishing the true struggle that rebellion had to do against the Empire. And Edwards manages to do so, without making the movie dreary all the way, managing levity just enough to  keep the story fun and exciting.Another big departure here is that this is the first Star Wars movie not composed by John Williams but Michael Giacchino whose music fits to the feel of this movie, even though there are some famous Star Wars beats in the movie, most of this soundtrack feels very original, and he has put his stamp on the Star Wars universe, which is an amazing accomplishment.Everything about this movie feels authentic, and its really the small things from the aesthetic feel of the movie and how certain shots were framed and how certain sequences were established is done very well, almost as a painting at some points, and there was that scene that was scene with a Star Destroyer, that I believe was shown in trailers, that scene gives you goosebumps.Overall this movie does what a very very few movies can succeed at and that is take established universe, remove most of the main characters from that universe and make a compelling movie, make the universe feel more lived in. Manage to expand on the known universe in such a way that is meaningful, introduce us to some of the new characters that we can cheer for: Either Rebel or Imperial, and as I could believe this is first time that both Rebel Alliance hierarchy is kind of explained, and that adds to their plight.  And this last statement I am going to probably catch a lot of crap for, but I believe it to be true. This movie managed to do an impossible, make an original trilogy even better movies.4 out of 4 stars.… Expand Genuinely perplexed by the negative reviews because this is a well-cast, expertly designed, well performed film that also happens to have been stylishly directed and cleverly written.  It’s actually so well directed and performed that on the few occasions its script hits a bump, the momentum of its performances plus direction rolls right over them. No, it doesn't drip with easy charm and charism of Force Awakens but then again, it shouldn't.  [Mild Spoiler!] You couldn’t watch this story unfold onto Ridley and Boyega. It's the Guns of Navarone of Star Wars films in the best possible ways.… Expand Rogue One justifies the existence of 'anthology' films by showing that moviemakers will be largely free to step outside of the narrowly defined genre to create stories we never thought we'd see in the Star Wars universe. Rogue One isn't anRogue One justifies the existence of 'anthology' films by showing that moviemakers will be largely free to step outside of the narrowly defined genre to create stories we never thought we'd see in the Star Wars universe. Rogue One isn't an adventure set during a civil war. It's a War Movie, and definitely not one that's suitable for younger fans. The director does a great job of making the war feel like the decades-long struggle it's supposed to be, and the actors are universally good to great in their roles. The script isn't as tight as it could be, but it's good enough.… Expand The first act has pacing problems, but once it gets going it's a great movie, especially the final act. I've seen it twice now and liked it more the second time, when you have a grasp of what's happening in the firs 45 minutes it's easier toThe first act has pacing problems, but once it gets going it's a great movie, especially the final act. I've seen it twice now and liked it more the second time, when you have a grasp of what's happening in the firs 45 minutes it's easier to enjoy.Those last 30 minutes are just perfection.… Expand This movie takes a long time to settle in, but a lot of that is due to the fact that so many new characters and worlds must be introduced. Once the movie settles in, it is non stop action. The third act rivals and 30 minute stretch in theThis movie takes a long time to settle in, but a lot of that is due to the fact that so many new characters and worlds must be introduced. Once the movie settles in, it is non stop action. The third act rivals and 30 minute stretch in the Star Wars saga. This movie is darker than other Star Wars films and also provides a much murkier divide between good and evil.… Expand My review on the movie Rogue One(2016).1.An individual can visualize and enjoy this movie in two types i. As a Normal space battle flick ii.As a star wars movie.2.This is 2 hours of a climactic, heart-wrenching, no **** straight to the point event. Yes, I saw this movie as a star wars movie 'cause I know the story lines and characters.3.MACHINES USED: X-wing fighters, U- wing fighters, Y- wing fighters, imperial I- class star destroyers, TIE-strikers, Resistance star destroyers,{ AT-ACT, AT-ST} walkers: cargo carriers, clone-tank.TROOPERS USED: storm-troopers, death-troopers, shore-troopers, and sand-troopers.4. This story is about the bunch rebellions named Jyn-Erso, Captain Cassian Andor, Chirrut Imwe, Saw Gerrera, K-2SO(actually an imperial reprogrammed machine). Bodhi Rook. named Rouge-One. these five people will make you tear up for sure, awesome char' build-up. The movie is all about stealing plans located at SCARIF(kyber crystal refining planet) from imperial and transmitting it over to rebel-alliances. If you know about the star wars- a new hope(1997), you see Princess Leia handing the death star plan Chip over to R2-D2. 5. Tone and cinematography of the movie is gorgeous, exclusively there's a char who's blind and the way camera angle is set when he senses the movement is gorgeous, even the hyperdrive chills jus chills the way fighters arrive, ships arrive, are awesomely shown.6. There's no point in discussing the story, it's better to acknowledge the way story is executed 'cause story is straight to the point.The execution is way better, way courageous than Star Wars VII : the Force Awakens. 7. I loved this movie to the core, it's heart-breaking and hope-bringing. The third act will BLOW- YOUR MIND. 8. Darth Vader OMFG he is damn terrifying. Princess Leia is CGI of the younger version. In the end when they ask what is this ? while giving the chip.She replies HOPE. SNAP END CREDITS. GOOSEBUMPS.VERDICT: Go, watch it, Irony I walked all the way to my home from the stop chanting " I am the force, and the force is with me" you'll get the reference after the watch. Way Way better than Star Wars VII. I loved it to the core… Expand Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a truly excellent entry into the franchise that even outshines the prior 'Force Awakens'. Risks are taken, new ground is covered and excitement is served up in spades. Perfectly cast and directed, Rogue OneRogue One: A Star Wars Story is a truly excellent entry into the franchise that even outshines the prior 'Force Awakens'. Risks are taken, new ground is covered and excitement is served up in spades. Perfectly cast and directed, Rogue One immediately takes it's place as one of the better Star Wars films out there.… Expand I liked the Force Awakens, it had likable characters like Finn, Kylo Ren, and a few others. It lacked originality and just could not grip me as well as some of the others. This movie kicked a**, so much a**, very likable characters, Vader,I liked the Force Awakens, it had likable characters like Finn, Kylo Ren, and a few others. It lacked originality and just could not grip me as well as some of the others. This movie kicked a**, so much a**, very likable characters, Vader, amazing fights, fun references, Vader, plot twists, Vader, and a logical and emotional conclusion. Cannot wait for more Star wars Spin offs.… Expand Rogue One is one of those movies that just gets better and better the more you watch it. Gareth Edward's direction, the cinematography, practical creatures, sets, and especially the CGI, are fantastic and spot on. The characters are greatRogue One is one of those movies that just gets better and better the more you watch it. Gareth Edward's direction, the cinematography, practical creatures, sets, and especially the CGI, are fantastic and spot on. The characters are great too, you really do begin to feel for them when the scenarios gets serious and dire. Although one could argue they are slightly shallow, its the larger picture of the Rebellion struggling against the Empire that is the true focus. The dark and gritty themes present throughout interplay between both factions, which was interesting to see. Although there are some conveniences here, some scenes feel a but choppy and some of the edits to the movie become a bit apparent, the 3rd act completely makes up for it. It is truly fantastic. Deeply surprised by this movie, and happy to be.… Expand This is hands down the best Star Wars movie since Empire Strikes Back.  The first time I saw it I was too nervous to really catch all the nuances and finer points of story.  Nervous, yes!  Because I wanted sooooo bad for this movie to make meThis is hands down the best Star Wars movie since Empire Strikes Back.  The first time I saw it I was too nervous to really catch all the nuances and finer points of story.  Nervous, yes!  Because I wanted sooooo bad for this movie to make me feel like I did when I was 10 and seeing Star Wars for the first time.Yes, the film is a bit slow at first.  No, the CGI characters are NOT distracting or uncanny.  Yes, you'll long for a bit more backstory on the members of Rogue One, but YES you are supposed to want more!  That's what Star Wars did for us.  OMG, the clone wars?  What were those?  Jedi?  What are you talking about?  Anyway, none of that makes Rogue One less enjoyable.The second time I saw the film I picked up on a lot more clues, and was left overjoyed.  I loved the film even more.  The Force Awakens was pretty good, but this is just shy of spectacular.… Expand I was close to giving Rogue One a 10, but I am a tough grader and there were a few things that distracted me from giving it that high a rating. This is the Star Wars movie I have been waiting for since the original trilogy. Episode VII didI was close to giving Rogue One a 10, but I am a tough grader and there were a few things that distracted me from giving it that high a rating. This is the Star Wars movie I have been waiting for since the original trilogy. Episode VII did not deliver the same feel that Rogue One does. This "feels" and looks like Star Wars. Some of the recreations of settings from Ep. IV are very well done. The quibbles I have are few and mostly technical, not story or script related.… Expand I really enjoyed this movie. I wasn't actually motivated to see it, i found The Force Awakens to be throughly dull, but i had some time to kill and decided to go for it. Im so glad I did. The movie has some incredible visual moments, backedI really enjoyed this movie. I wasn't actually motivated to see it, i found The Force Awakens to be throughly dull, but i had some time to kill and decided to go for it. Im so glad I did. The movie has some incredible visual moments, backed by incredible action, and a likeable (if underdeveloped) cast. The music isn't up to the standards of the series, and some characters are somewhat underused, but overall this is a throughly enjoyable film that eleven both Star Wars fans and none can enjoy. (although star wars fans will get more enjoyment out of the multitude of OT references that are present).… Expand *Inhales deeply...*Anticipation was very, very high with this new Star Wars offering, though I did attempt to temper my response to this much awaited film. This is an experience that is ultimately worthwhile, though the first two acts had*Inhales deeply...*Anticipation was very, very high with this new Star Wars offering, though I did attempt to temper my response to this much awaited film. This is an experience that is ultimately worthwhile, though the first two acts had me worried at times. There is an intermittent lack of finesse, both with the CGI and the script, but the performances from Jones, Tudyk and Luna are exceptional. The cinematography is magnificent, delivering the sumptuous visuals we have come to expect from this universe, and the pacing is initially stilted but tightens considerably in the second and third acts. Taking place between the events of 'The Revenge of the Sith' and 'A New Hope', the storyline provides an engaging insight into the perils of war, with a focus on the darker realities of conflict than any other Star Wars film to date. It's in the final act that this film fulfills the heavy responsibility with which it was imbued, and in so doing provides long time fans with an unflinching journey to the heart of the rebellion. Leave the younger kids at home for this one. I am with the force, and the force is with me. 8.96/10… Expand This is the Star Wars movie we wanted last year.Instead of checking off a predetermined set of boxes tied to people’s nostalgia and following the contours of an older Star Wars movie, Rogue One focuses on an original, compelling story withThis is the Star Wars movie we wanted last year.Instead of checking off a predetermined set of boxes tied to people’s nostalgia and following the contours of an older Star Wars movie, Rogue One focuses on an original, compelling story with the nostalgia interlaced. There were some moments where the drama feels forced (and there was enough of them that it prevented me from giving it a 10), but overall the motivations and desires of the characters are believable. Far from being omni-competent, the actions of the main characters cost them deeply by the end of the movie. I also liked how one of the characters, a droid called K-2SO, provides intelligent humor and comic relief without making a mockery out of himself (the way C-3PO does). And when the nostalgic moments came up with old characters, they feel more natural rather than tacked on.A short note: It’s also worth pointing out that the underlying themes in movies can provide passing commentary on the times in which the creators live. The original Star Wars with its original Death Star provided a subtle commentary on weapons of mass destruction during the height of the Cold War and the nuclear weapons age. As I watched this movie and saw the scene where rebels ambushed storm troopers in the streets of a desert city, it made me immediately think of the Syrian Civil War. I don’t know if that was done on purpose, but it definitely feels like a powerful, passing commentary on the times in which we live.Moving along, I am pleased that this film puts the ‘Wars’ back in Star Wars. You won’t see any Jedi doing back flips with lightsabers here. Instead, at the end of the movie, there is a very long and intense ground and space battle that defines what Star Wars is all about. It goes back to the Star Wars roots in a way that the Force Awakens tried to do, but fell short on.I hope that the people making Episodes 8 and 9 take note. This may have been an anthology film, but it is hands down the best Star Wars film since the original trilogy and has set the new gold standard for what a Star Wars film should look like.… Expand Best Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back. This was a return to the very first two movies back in the 70s, a tribute to the best of this franchise and the kind of Star Wars saga we all came to love. A host of new characters was quiteBest Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back. This was a return to the very first two movies back in the 70s, a tribute to the best of this franchise and the kind of Star Wars saga we all came to love. A host of new characters was quite successful and the humor wasn't left out either. It also fills in a lot of gaps from the original films. Oh, and your favorite all time villain, complete with the voice of James Earl Jones, makes a few appearances.Those who didn't give this event top end reviews are in immediate need of CPR.… Expand The fact that this movie is rated lower than the 'Force Awakens' disheartens the credibility of all professional critics; this movie was epic to say the least. By far the most realistic and possible the most moving Stars Wars movie everThe fact that this movie is rated lower than the 'Force Awakens' disheartens the credibility of all professional critics; this movie was epic to say the least. By far the most realistic and possible the most moving Stars Wars movie ever produced; providing an extremely well integration of the first and second trilogies. This movie had absolutely no appeal no the 'stupid humor' or 'cute' appeal often found in the other Star Wars films. After watching the film for the second time, I can state that this is probably my favorite Star Wars film ever produced; due to its new definition of the force and the unstoppable force reprimanded by the empire and specifically Darth Vader. The almost impossible feats accomplished by the rebels, reinforces the 'underdog' feel of the rebel alliance provided in the original trilogy while also explaining how the force controls the fate of the galaxy. This film also had noticeable political claims which makes stand on almost the same level of greatness as the original film 'New Hope'.… Expand Rogue One delivers a newly established grit to the world of Star Wars, delivering the realism of war with stunning special effects. The story is solid in its idea and is straight to the point without being tangled in sub-plots, which alsoRogue One delivers a newly established grit to the world of Star Wars, delivering the realism of war with stunning special effects. The story is solid in its idea and is straight to the point without being tangled in sub-plots, which also produces the negative that character development is lacking, ripping some of the emotional pull from the film, which is very much needed for a Star Wars film. The heroes throughout the film are each very unique, and whilst some get more screentime than others, they all play their part in the end, which really sets the tone of teamwork well. This film is a great action/adventure blockbuster that should not be missed, especially if you’re a Star Wars fan; resulting in a good first entry to the Star Wars spinoffs. This film gets an 83% 8/10… Expand No, there's no lightsaber fight in this movie. But is the movie any good ? Yes, it is. It's what I call a perfect spin-off. Photography is astonishing, characters are good enough, battles and landscapes on point.You can really feel EdwardsNo, there's no lightsaber fight in this movie. But is the movie any good ? Yes, it is. It's what I call a perfect spin-off. Photography is astonishing, characters are good enough, battles and landscapes on point.You can really feel Edwards put his on style in the movie.So no, this isn't a masterpiece, but it's indeed a great movie and that's what I expected from it.… Expand Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is that movie which takes even a casual viewer, who has at least viewed the cinematic flicks, deep down into the Star Wars history/mythology. Seeing Grand Moff Tarkin and Princess Leia brought back to the screen, as we first saw them in A New Hope, is such a feast for the eyes.… Expand The best stars wars since 1983, I was realy scared after the force awakens, because lets be honnest it was more like a remake of the first movie from the 70's, But this one has a original scenario and have a great story, the fact that thereThe best stars wars since 1983, I was realy scared after the force awakens, because lets be honnest it was more like a remake of the first movie from the 70's, But this one has a original scenario and have a great story, the fact that there is no happy ending at the end make it better the movie is all about sacrifice.it's realy make the perfect conection with the "new hope" plot great movie great star wars thanks god after the force awakens… Expand Star Wars is in a strange place. The prequel trilogy are objectively worse movies than the original trilogy. But they do feel cut from the same cloth. The Force Awakens and Rogue One are better movies than the prequels, but feel cut from aStar Wars is in a strange place. The prequel trilogy are objectively worse movies than the original trilogy. But they do feel cut from the same cloth. The Force Awakens and Rogue One are better movies than the prequels, but feel cut from a different cloth. I found Rogue One to be a thoroughly enjoyable flick. The plot made sense and didn't step on the original films. I liked the diverse imperial bases. The film has minor flaws, such as some of the acting talent being wasted. Forest Whitaker and Mads Mikkelsen can do more/better! It seemed like K2SO got all the good comedic lines. Also a couple of times (minor spoiler) a character appears where the original actor has aged substantially or passed on. The approach taken to that seemed a little uncanny valley to me. Ultimately though the film lacks much of an underlying theme. Which makes it a flick, even though its a good one. Finally RIP Carrie Fisher.… Expand Overall a good film. After the first scene the film jumps around a bit and does seem confusing but it gets better in the second half with a very strong ending. Obviously a must watch for Star Wars fans but even if you aren't it's still veryOverall a good film. After the first scene the film jumps around a bit and does seem confusing but it gets better in the second half with a very strong ending. Obviously a must watch for Star Wars fans but even if you aren't it's still very entertaining.… Expand The first half of the movie worried me a little, mostly because of the unconvincing dialogues. The second half, however, was much better, I found the debate inside the rebellion and the war scenes well structured and realistic, and the endingThe first half of the movie worried me a little, mostly because of the unconvincing dialogues. The second half, however, was much better, I found the debate inside the rebellion and the war scenes well structured and realistic, and the ending was epic. What I did not appreciate was the choice to make in digital the characters whose original actors were either dead or too old to play the role: the result was a little disturbing, with grand Moff Tarkin reminding me awkwardly of Harry Potter's Dobby, I think they just should've changed actors... But that said, I overall enjoyed very much the movie.… Expand It was a story that did not need to told. If you watch episode four you know the rebellion got the plans at a great loss. The grafics that were used to to bring people from episode four back were terrible. The story line did show the darkIt was a story that did not need to told. If you watch episode four you know the rebellion got the plans at a great loss. The grafics that were used to to bring people from episode four back were terrible. The story line did show the dark side of the rebellion so I can respect that since there is always a dark side to any side of any war. ingrew up on this and credit the Star Wars movies to a part that made me want to be a soldier and to be apart of something greater then myself so to the rogue one story line thank you for showing that average people with great courage can accomplish great things.… Expand This is a much darker movie than any of the other Star Wars movies.  I found The Force Awakens to be slightly better than this one but I think that's only because I was so happy to see someone finally make a movie that lives up to the StarThis is a much darker movie than any of the other Star Wars movies.  I found The Force Awakens to be slightly better than this one but I think that's only because I was so happy to see someone finally make a movie that lives up to the Star Wars name (I, II & III were horrible).  Plus, the nostalgia factor of seeing beloved characters again.  But I'll say this about Rouge One: the final 1/3 of the movie is as good...actually, better than, anything that any of the originals had done.  The first and second act had enough to keep me interested, but after watching the last act, looking back now, it pales in comparison.  Which is not to say I didn't thoroughly enjoy every bit of the movie.  They don't go into great depth with the new characters, but just enough so that you have an understanding of who they are and that you will care for them and their fate.  I liked all the references and throwbacks to the originals of course.  And Darth Vader's second appearance was just simply bad ass.  The one issue I had was the score.  And I'm not blaming the composer, I'm sure he did a great job.  I can't even say I'm that big a fan of John Williams, but after seeing 7 movies with his music, it kind of became a distraction when I heard it in the background..  All in all, if you are a fan of the originals you'll be a fan of this as well.… Expand When I went into episode 7, with high hopes of a new star wars trilogy being great, my hopes were ruined. The movie was bland, the characters;boring and unoriginal, and there was a constant use of pointless nostalgia. It was awful, so goingWhen I went into episode 7, with high hopes of a new star wars trilogy being great, my hopes were ruined. The movie was bland, the characters;boring and unoriginal, and there was a constant use of pointless nostalgia. It was awful, so going into this film my expectations were set low. However the movie had good characters, amazing scenes, a fantastic plot, amazing moments, and it was a star wars movie through and through. For that alone it could easily get 7 stars, but the ending was astonishing, and for that superb ending it is a must see.Now let us all hope that episode 8 will follow this and not the joke that was episode 7.… Expand Finally, a new Star Wars with dialogue! Great cast and balance of special effects. SPOILER: its both light-hearted and deeply dark; at times has the feel of episode V. Appearances by Vader will pull at your hidden dark side. I'll probably never watch The Force Awakens again, but this I'll rewatch forever...… Expand I don't get how the critic consensus only gives this film 65%. IMO, this is the best Star Wars film since the original trilogy. It ties into Episode IV perfectly, everything makes sense (for once) and the film even goes as far as to explainI don't get how the critic consensus only gives this film 65%. IMO, this is the best Star Wars film since the original trilogy. It ties into Episode IV perfectly, everything makes sense (for once) and the film even goes as far as to explain one of the biggest plot holes of A New Hope.In some ways, I even like Rogue One more than any other Star Wars film. For the first time, it's not a black vs. white fairytale, where the Rebellion is good and the Empire is bad (simply because the audience is told so). The characters in this film are more complex and nuanced than in any other SW film before. This is the modern re-boot of the amazing franchise we've all been waiting for.The only thing missing is the iconic Star Wars sound track. I don't know why they didn't use some of the original musical themes but if they had, I would give this film a perfect 10.… Expand So we all new going into this movie what the end result was. What we didn't know was how this story progressed into episode 4. I can honestly say this movie was amazing, the effects, the nods to the original trilogy and the effort they madeSo we all new going into this movie what the end result was. What we didn't know was how this story progressed into episode 4. I can honestly say this movie was amazing, the effects, the nods to the original trilogy and the effort they made to make the look and feel of this film fit seamlessly with the original Star Wars film. It is a movie that stays with you long after you walk out the door. I am astounded that the critics have not recognised this film with much higher ratings overall. It most certainly deserves it. Deserving of a "classic" rating and one for the collection. 9/10. Hard to find fault.… Expand "Rogue-one". The movie which differs from all previous. The movie in which everything became serious. I already many times said to friends that I am not a fan of Star Wars. I had liked the seventh episode, but against the background of the"Rogue-one". The movie which differs from all previous. The movie in which everything became serious. I already many times said to friends that I am not a fan of Star Wars. I had liked the seventh episode, but against the background of the Rogue it is some other... Children's most likely. In the Rogue there is almost everything: atmosphere (she here absolutely another), drama, light humour, very interesting characters and of course ACTION! As for a story, he simple and clear. The soundtrack is weak, but there is no wonder as one composer has left, and another has succeeded only in September. A visual part of the movie very beautiful, and a sound in an IMAX format just tremendous. Also in the movie the fan service is a lot of, fans will estimate. Offensively for me only one that the movie doesn't allow to reveal to characters, even to the main character. As for her, she is a fighting little girl who never gives up. Felicity Jones has played perfectly. And here the character Mad Mikkelsen is a father of the main character, but he catastrophically isn't enough. I don't know the others and there are nothing to tell about them, but their characters interesting. Well and the most abrupt moment of fans expects in the picture final. Result: I very strongly had liked this picture. She differs from all that is in this Universe and it does well her. Someone from fans will abuse her for gravity, someone will shout that there are no Jedis and the picture a priori becomes a hogwash, someone will shout about all our favourite canon, someone will hate for something else, and someone will just enjoy the events in this picture. And I grant a camp the fan of this picture. It is clear that Disney put the franchise on the conveyor, but the main thing that there was a quality. And in the Rogue it is.… Expand Really just reviewing this a 10 to balance the critic reviews. As a casual Star Wars fan I want to say 3 quick things about this movie:1. It is a very "efficiently" produced film. No scene seems unnecessary.
2. It is accessible for non-StarReally just reviewing this a 10 to balance the critic reviews. As a casual Star Wars fan I want to say 3 quick things about this movie:1. It is a very "efficiently" produced film. No scene seems unnecessary.2. It is accessible for non-Star Wars die-hards like me, and today I'm actually gonna watch 4, 5, and 6 because it has piqued my interest in the series.3. Based on talking about this with friends, it feels like what "Reach" was to the Halo series. As Vox has put it, while a Disney movie, this is a movie about war.I really liked this movie. It was better than the last movie I saw in theatres, Arrival, and I really liked that movie too. This movie isn't as deep and provocative, but it's better.If you are an experienced consumer of culture stuffs like games, music, movies, and TV shows I would say that a good lens to try to see this movie from is you as a kid, watching a serious war movie. As I get older I tend to compare everything to the best entries in the entire gamut of the culture genre, but if we are just going to compare every game to The Last of Us and every show to Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones, everything is going to suck comparatively.Rogue One is definitely worth your $15 to watch in 3D. Go with someone younger than you, I went with my niece, and she really liked it.… Expand Rogue One is a great movie with a few drops here and there. The movie flows averagely pretty well for 2h15m, from an explanatory and choppy intro to one of the most breathtaking battles the Star Wars saga has ever seen and to what could beRogue One is a great movie with a few drops here and there. The movie flows averagely pretty well for 2h15m, from an explanatory and choppy intro to one of the most breathtaking battles the Star Wars saga has ever seen and to what could be considered a true nerd-gasm in the final scenes. Lots of pleasant surprises, lots of welcome call-backs, maybe some lack of characters's depth. Non-fans will enjoy an alternative war movie; fans will thank Gareth Edwards for realizing their innest geeky dreams.… Expand Phenomenal. The Star Wars film I've been waiting for since 1983. Dark and foreboding, excellent characterization,and the hour-long battle in the second half of the film is the best in the franchise yet. A worthy achievement and highlyPhenomenal. The Star Wars film I've been waiting for since 1983. Dark and foreboding, excellent characterization,and the hour-long battle in the second half of the film is the best in the franchise yet. A worthy achievement and highly recommended for all old Star Wars fans like me.… Expand Before I start I have to say I absolutely loathed Force Awakens, a movie which had no respect for the Star Wars universe, and whose writers seemed to think repetition of past plots was a demonstration of love for it. I went to this one expecting to be disappointed, though I hoped the fact it involves no Jedi might actually be its saving grace. It was. There is no character here who, without even being a Padawan, defeats a Sith master both in Jedi mind control and in a light saber duel (the excluding of this possibility is why I suspected it would be harder to stuff up this one). Also, instead of stupidly rehashing the past this instalment nicely interlocks with it (note the distinction J.J., and you critics who uncritically gushed over FA). Consistent with the fictional history, there are no Jedi in sight (since they've all been assassinated or have gone to ground like Obi Wan and Yoda), and the only light-saber you’ll see is Darth Vader's when he goes on a slaughter fest at the end which nicely dovetails with the beginning of the original movie I saw as a child and was entranced by then. In many ways this is the adult Star Wars we grown up fans of the originals have been waiting for. I only wish the writers of this could have had the making of FA instead of the fool Jar Jar Abrams. Disney, please let them complete the trilogy Abrams stuffed up. They understand what real Star Wars fans want. Something gritty and grown up, which recognises the history and mythology of the SW universe but tells its own story within that context.Felicity Jones is a great actress, and plays a role which is both capable and sensitive. Also, as an Aussie, I'm happy to see Ben Mendelsohn as the central villain; a great actor. For martial arts fans there's the brilliant Donnie Yen, who isn't a Jedi but should be, instead playing a blind, possibly slightly crazy, worshiper of the force, who may or may not be force sensitive but regardless manages to take out a lot of storm troopers and almost magically dodge some blaster fire (and has a friend with a hugely powerful blaster to keep him alive when the odds are too much against him). Chirrut Imwe (Donnie), yes, you are one with the force, you are one with the force (you’ll get my reference once you’ve seen the movie). There is a beautifully tragic ending for the central characters too. Heroes die, as they ought to in a good war movie or tragedy.Expect to see some slightly dodgy CGI resurrections, but only when necessary and not to too bad effect. Of course the greatest of all Star Wars villains, Darth Vader, being in his life support suit, doesn’t need this kind of treatment and is voiced as always by the inimitable James Earl Jones.I see that this received poorer reviews from the professional reviewers than did FA, to which I can only say these guys must be either corrupt or stupid (or maybe both). Ok, I have suspected that since all the gush over FA, but this round of stupidity confirms it. I have given this 9 instead of 10 because, though it is sensible, consistent, respectful of the past but not slavishly committed to it, and well written, what I would really have loved to see is this kind of loving care lavished on the new trilogy (movies with Jedi in them!) instead of just this (appropriately Jedi free) standalone. If you are a lover of the original trilogy I strongly recommend this one. If you were disgusted by FA I am totally with you (read my review to see how much I hated it), but this one is a different beast. Give it the chance you regretted giving FA. It may not be perfect, but I think it's the best since the original trilogy (and doesn't have the vomitous cutesiness of Ewoks to mar it).Now, where would I start with a remade Episode VII? The remnants of the empire have degenerated into an insurgency against a shakily re-established republic. They are carrying out terrorist attacks across the galaxy. The Jedi academy has been re-established by Luke, and Leia has also had some Jedi training, but perhaps has chosen not to become a full-fledged Jedi because there is so much political work to do patching together a workable galactic democracy. Perhaps Leia, in fighting against terrorists has become a little dark herself (this couldn’t reasonably happen with Luke, since he has proved himself capable of resisting the combination of Darth Vader and the Emperor in ROTJ), setting up a sibling conflict of galactic proportions. After all, real politics is a dirty business. She hasn’t become Sith but her morality is uneasily balanced. Questionable alliances have been made (think of the mess in Syria at the moment). The line between good and evil is becoming blurred. Luke, as a monk like Jedi figure, has perhaps become morally flawed in a more subtle way, by virtue of a too mystical, navel gazing perspective on right and wrong. An adult premise. Start there screenwriters. Develop.… Expand People loved The Force Awakens but have problems with this movie? The whole world is insane. Here is a list of things this movie did better than last year's installment. - Actual establishment of the Imperials being in control, and a need forPeople loved The Force Awakens but have problems with this movie? The whole world is insane. Here is a list of things this movie did better than last year's installment. - Actual establishment of the Imperials being in control, and a need for a rebellion/resistance.- A tentacle monster that had an actual purpose.- Actual stakes and a genuine concern that the heroes won't make it out alive.- Intricate exposition not being reduced to ridiculously basic confabulation.- Dialogue that wasn't cheesier than a cheese-plate.- Cinematography that actually shows details of aliens. - Important robot/alien characters (that speak).- Mads Mikkelsen. - Actually having something to do with the original trilogy. I could also reduce this list to two words: Darth Vader.… Expand Rogue One is a very well shot film. The CGI is without doubt some of the best I've ever seen. Seeing Vader again was awesome and not to mention Peter Cushing being brought back to life with flawless CGI.This film also  exceeded my expectations. It was original, well paced, well acted and overall a much grittier and realistic take on Star Wars.My Rating 8.6/10… Expand Rogue One does a lot of things and does all of them well, but not well enough.The visuals here are off-the-chart good: the effects are unparalleled (practical Star Destroyers looked jaw-dropping), the photography is gorgeous and theRogue One does a lot of things and does all of them well, but not well enough.The visuals here are off-the-chart good: the effects are unparalleled (practical Star Destroyers looked jaw-dropping), the photography is gorgeous and the production design is ace. Director Gareth Edwards large scale, space opera moments are truly wondrous, but his smaller scale scenes, particularly dialogue exchanges, falter. There's this uncomfortable sense that his in scene direction was precise and purposeful, but his handheld camera's coverage pretty much butchers every conversation into a messy blur of words in which the basic topical beats and decisions are given no weight whatsoever. It doesn't help that not a single character is fleshed out beyond a singular facet of personality and that no actual team banter occurs, but I quite often found myself unsure of what certain exchanges were even about or why they were needed.It's a shame, because the handheld camera looks SO great. I'm surprised that there wasn't more of a Children Of Men influence on the film. It would have been great to see civilians joining the fight so that each battlefield felt organic and truly like a galaxy at war. A greater focus on the intimate details of the Rebellion's guerrilla warfare style and teh suffering of the innocents while on Jedha could have nailed this. The score as well suffers from using the wrong theme tonally from the original trilogy to adapt. The score isn't bad, but its tonally incoherent with the film, as if Giachinno was told to make it more positive than Desplat's darker work. Building the score around a darker, lower-tempo version of William's "Imperial March" like the second trailer did would have been far more effective. It's just never ominous or rousing enough.With all that being said, this film is a remarkable technical achievement and an enjoyable experience. Regardless of people's issues with The Force Awaken's and Rogue One, it's incredibly exciting to see Disney actually bringing real movie magic back to cinemas.… Expand "In the grim darkness of the galaxy far, far away, there is only war."This movie is so much different than anything you have ever seen from Star Wars. It's like guys at Disney got inspired by Game of Thrones attitude to plot armor and decided to do something similar in their movie. And the fact that their movie is 7+ didn't stop them at all.Seriously, this movie plays with your mind by making you think it will be yet another rehash from previous parts. Once again we get an orphan, who gets adopted, who apparently is rich in force and whose relatives are kidnapped by the empire. At the begginning we get loads of miracles, stormtroopers are as inaccurate as always and we are made into thinking it will be like that for the whole movie. Except it's not - at some point the plot armor for characters starts to get worn out and falls from them, leaving them fragile and unprotected. First insignificant characters start to die. Then gradually more significant ones. Eventually we aren't even sure about the fate of main protagonists, but we are still getting hints that they might survive. And then it turns out they don't. That's when the whole tragicness of this situation hits us. They are not superheroes, not another reincarnation of Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, that will get miraciously rescued from almost every situation. They are just desperate guys with nothing to lose, doing their suicide mission. Flashbacks of them saying various stuff, that might spoil the final ending hits you like a goddamn train and you get really, really depressed. If you took away the details from this movie, you would think it's the description of some Warhammer 40k novel, because how grimdark it is. But like WH40k, it's much more than that. It's a beautiful tale about hope, fighting against all odds, sacrifice and heroism. For me it's probably the best Star Wars movie since Empire Strikes Back and who knows if not the best Star Wars movie ever.… Expand Just got home from the movie.  Extremely good movie, BUT be aware that this is more like a war movie with the Star Wars brand.  I took my 6 year old and he was very bored (he was fine during "Force Awakens").  Noting those facts, this isJust got home from the movie.  Extremely good movie, BUT be aware that this is more like a war movie with the Star Wars brand.  I took my 6 year old and he was very bored (he was fine during "Force Awakens").  Noting those facts, this is perhaps one of the better movies from the Star Wars brand... great acting, sets, effects and tie in to the franchise.  Perhaps think of it as Star Wars Episode 3.5!  Good Work!… Expand Holy F**K Vader!! Oh man I can only look at this movie as a massive fan and as a fan it was amazing. The story was interesting and moved quickly, the cinematography and sense of scope and scale was excellent. I absolutely loved getting to see more of the oppression of the empire and the morally grey areas of the rebellion.I loved the fact that this felt like a war movie taking place in the star wars universe. It connected seamlessly to episode 4 and gave me some truly jaw dropping moments. The whole last half hour of the movie was amazing and the beach scenes were everything I had hoped for in the best saving private  Star wars kind of way. And Vader Holy **** Vader just mercilessly chopping down the rebels in the hallway at the end may have become one of my favourite Scenes ever. All in all I ****ing loved it, I have seen some criticisms of lack of character development ect But I think for the type of single shot story that this is that the way they handled it was appropriate. All in all is it a perfect movie…no because no movies perfect. BUT  I would say because of my taste for the darker side of star wars this prob slots in to place behind empire strikes back as my favourite Star Wars movie. I need to see it about 4 more times in the cinema before I set my ranking in stone but the point is  want to see it many more times. This film Gave me everything I wanted and was hoping for in an incredibly satisfying package. Bravo! Job well Done!!!… Expand This Movie is a love letter to the originals and fills the gap on why the Death Star was able to have such a weakness.I love this movie plain and simple its a Star Wars movie done well and you must go and see it for yourself!!!This Movie is a love letter to the originals and fills the gap on why the Death Star was able to have such a weakness.I love this movie plain and simple its a Star Wars movie done well and you must go and see it for yourself!!!GOOOOOOOOOOOO WATCH IT ****DO IT!… Expand Una buena película con uno de los mejores cierres del universo de Star Wars, -tal vez los mejores últimos 20 minutos de toda la franquicia-. Es cierto algunas cosas pudieron ser mejor pero como muestra del potencial del Universo De Star WarsUna buena película con uno de los mejores cierres del universo de Star Wars, -tal vez los mejores últimos 20 minutos de toda la franquicia-. Es cierto algunas cosas pudieron ser mejor pero como muestra del potencial del Universo De Star Wars es muy buen comienzo y la película es muy divertida.… Expand Feel the need to rate this higher to offset the critic reviews lower than 5. This is a movie in the vein of the original trilogy. Wish the supporting players were more flesched out and thought that the beginning was paced pretty fastFeel the need to rate this higher to offset the critic reviews lower than 5. This is a movie in the vein of the original trilogy. Wish the supporting players were more flesched out and thought that the beginning was paced pretty fast otherwise this is a Star Wars story.  Now, if you walked into this movie with no previous knowledge of the u iverse you would be entertained and finish off your popcorn quite quick; this is a good movie, period. Now go and enjoy yourself!… Expand Rogue One is gritty, charming and exhilarating. Gareth Edwards takes considerable risks in the very first Star Wars spinoff, all to huge success. Whilst the characters are played brilliantly, and the story is thrilling from start to finish,Rogue One is gritty, charming and exhilarating. Gareth Edwards takes considerable risks in the very first Star Wars spinoff, all to huge success. Whilst the characters are played brilliantly, and the story is thrilling from start to finish, it is the action and the gorgeous look of the film that stand out.… Expand Before you go directly to see this movie, ask yourself the following questions. Am I going to see at least one memorable Star Wars character in this film? Well, there isn't that many since this is supposed to be a spin-off. Am I going toBefore you go directly to see this movie, ask yourself the following questions. Am I going to see at least one memorable Star Wars character in this film? Well, there isn't that many since this is supposed to be a spin-off. Am I going to experience the same feeling like the previous Star Wars films? Yes, and it's pretty unusual for a spin-off. Lastly, do these new characters make me want to see this movie? If you want to exactly know what happens to these characters, then yes. We can't tell you what happened to these characters for sure as that would lead to spoilers. Rogue One takes its main base and separates everything but left the feelings of the film just for the beneficial fans. It's not near a masterpiece, but at least it's trying to be something and that something is what Rogue One should be anyways.… Expand -- Spoiler Free --Rogue One is the best Star Wars film since original trilogy. Period.Significant to say it adds weight to original trilogy and that is a worthy achievement itself. Lore of original trilogy was left intact and overall it is-- Spoiler Free --Rogue One is the best Star Wars film since original trilogy. Period.Significant to say it adds weight to original trilogy and that is a worthy achievement itself. Lore of original trilogy was left intact and overall it is a must see film.Also it is a completely unusual film for Star Wars franchise and some people will dislike this film for that since it has no light saber duels and it's more focused on the heart of rebellion and it's people.… Expand This might as well be my favorite Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back.  It was absolutely refreshing to have a story that is not focused on an overpowered force-wielding protagonist, but on characters a little bit more normal.  TheThis might as well be my favorite Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back.  It was absolutely refreshing to have a story that is not focused on an overpowered force-wielding protagonist, but on characters a little bit more normal.  The plot is a little more interesting this time around, with plenty of action to be had.… Expand I loved this film! I am a huge Star Wars fan and was not as satisfied as most with The Force Awakens (I won't even discuss the prequels). To me it was just missing something that this film has in abundance, heart! The characters really sellI loved this film! I am a huge Star Wars fan and was not as satisfied as most with The Force Awakens (I won't even discuss the prequels). To me it was just missing something that this film has in abundance, heart! The characters really sell this story and they are perhaps one of the most interesting motley crews in Star Wars history. It was so fascinating to see how everything fit together just prior to A New Hope and this film actually answers several questions fans have had for nearly 40 years. It really does fit in nicely with the Star Wars mythos and it's exciting to watch! Some have criticized it for being too dark. Well keep in mind that this time period was the peak of the Empire's dominance. The Rebel Alliance had to make a huge stand to start any kind of challenge against it's tyrannical grip over the universe. Thus war was inevitable. This movie does an amazing job of conveying the dark period in which everything was set and it does an even better job of showing how even the smallest sacrifices during such a period can cause huge effects. People die. That is part of war. What really shocked me about Rogue One is that there really is no Force, no Skywalkers, no Jedi, and yet it feels more true to the original films than the last 4 have. It breaks every rule of a Star Wars film and yet managed to do everything right in the process. There are so many pleasant surprises in watching this that every fan should be smiling ear to ear by the time it's over. Yes there are sad moments, but this isn't supposed to be the feel-good movie of the holidays. It's supposed to fill in a spot that existed prior to the very first time Star Wars was introduced to us. Not only is it successful in this regard, but it introduces characters that will long go down in the history books of how the Empire crumbled. Don't miss it!… Expand This movie is simply amazing. Walking out of the theater I wasn't thinking about how great it was but rather, "I have to watch this again NOW". If you were not around when episode 4 hit the screens then it would be hard to imagine how itThis movie is simply amazing. Walking out of the theater I wasn't thinking about how great it was but rather, "I have to watch this again NOW". If you were not around when episode 4 hit the screens then it would be hard to imagine how it changed our culture. People didn't ask you if you have seen Star Wars. They asked you how many times you have seen Star Wars. A feat that movie makers have not been able to accomplish since. This move IS episode 3, despite it's billing. Was it perfect? No. Good luck finding that on a screen today. If you are a fan of Scifi you will not be disappointed. If you are old you will feel again what you felt upon watching the original.… Expand Overall incredible. Far better than the other prequels. I liked the storyline better than the Force Awakens, which had some strange plot holes it's hard to get past. On repeat viewings, I'll be able to decide whether I like this or ForceOverall incredible. Far better than the other prequels. I liked the storyline better than the Force Awakens, which had some strange plot holes it's hard to get past. On repeat viewings, I'll be able to decide whether I like this or Force Awakens better. The third act is legendary. Strengths: the story, the feel, the acting, the writing. Weaknesses: a few spots of jarring editing, music, and CGI.… Expand Rouge One! I really like the direction and the gritty vibe this film brings to the star wars universe. It is weird to talk about a realistic feel.. but stil it has a more realistic feel to the characters than before. it has darker tone (likeRouge One! I really like the direction and the gritty vibe this film brings to the star wars universe. It is weird to talk about a realistic feel.. but stil it has a more realistic feel to the characters than before. it has darker tone (like Empire strikes back) and in my opinion it makes you invest more in the film as you watching it makes the story matter, it gives you chills down your spine as a randon cgi ship blows up... which i personally thinks is amazing! It would really like to se even more of this natural gritty and realistic vibe in the star wars universe! i dont think this film is a 10 maybe 8 or 9 but il give a 10 as i hope it might push the money-men interest in making star wars film in this deriction… Expand WHAT I LIKED: Wow, forget the rumours, 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' is not only a lesson in how to make a proper Star Wars prequel; it's also a bloody great piece of film in itself. Firstly, the prequel box is ticked extremely well, as itWHAT I LIKED: Wow, forget the rumours, 'Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' is not only a lesson in how to make a proper Star Wars prequel; it's also a bloody great piece of film in itself. Firstly, the prequel box is ticked extremely well, as it really adds weight to the original trilogy; bringing sudden meaning to the words 'rebellion' and 'Empire' in Episodes IV, V and VI. Also, as any good prequel should, it credits the originals whilst moving forward in an exciting visual and tonal direction (just as The Force Awakens did) with real darkness overlayed by a kind of unexpected Spielberg magic. But that's not the most vital thing; where 'Rogue One' shines most is on its own, as this is a truly emotionally engaging and genuinely poetic film that just feels so damn REAL. Why? Well perhaps most importantly, I felt I understood and attached to each character on an incredibly intimate level. Of course this is partly down to how rounded the characters are with the great writing, direction and performances, but it's also because each one is so connected and relevant to the story which brings the whole experience back to the little guy. In fact, I guess that's what this whole thing is about; an especially intimate tale of a few guys fighting for what they believe in. What's so special about it is that intimacy - you're there with them through all their highs and lows and through every incredible action sequence. This feeling is only enhanced by some of the best world building I've ever seen and some amazing practical and computerised effects (I can barely tell the difference), and in the end I found myself so absorbed that I forgot I was watching a film at all. I cried, I smiled, I felt scared and I got the goosebumps, but Gareth Edwards not only hooked me; once I was there I also found a story that inspired genuine hope in me. That's a rather rare and exceedingly beautiful thing, but it makes 'Rogue One' the ultimate film to watch whatever mood you're in. Stick it on and you can escape and enjoy the humour and the best Star Wars action of all time, but at it's core this is a film that captivates and takes your emotions on a ride. That's how you make a bloody great film.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE: The pacing is a bit jarring at the beginning. That's literally it.VERDICT: I love this movie. 'Rogue One' hooked me and took me on one of the biggest emotional roller coasters I've ever had at the cinema. Well done Gareth Edwards, this is a very self-assured film indeed.… Expand Although I am very biased attitude to Star Wars, and for me this whole saga is a favorite in the world, but still, being objective, I would say simply - it's the top !!! !!! Vader is gorgeous! The film breaks all the templates just modernAlthough I am very biased attitude to Star Wars, and for me this whole saga is a favorite in the world, but still, being objective, I would say simply - it's the top !!! !!! Vader is gorgeous! The film breaks all the templates just modern cinema, as well as sets a new quality standard for Star Wars! I tell you, as a man, very well versed in this universe - Seventh episode was excellent intonation of a new trilogy, but this film, from which there is little waiting, could overshadow the seventh episode, and I hope it will serve as a good benchmark for this movie in this universe to which the directors will seek the following episodes! Bravo! 10/10! Everyone is required to view, even if you're not a fan, because the cost to join the great saga !!!… Expand What happens when you take Xwing alliance , Darkforces and the new canon? Rogue one ! Rogue one is an amazing movie.But beyond that its an amazing StarWars movie.However I do feel that those who hated TFA for its ''fan service'' will hate rogue one even more.Those who hated TFA for it being a base outline to ANH might end up liking Rogue one a lot. As for me I love TFA , I think its amazing. But I cant compare it to rogue one much as they are different. Rogue one is a movie set in the StarWars universe , not a classic StarWars movie.You see TFA had small doses of ''fan service'' but it had a lot of the old cast that was seen by some as ''fan service'' when it was just by narative purpose. the fan service in TFA came from background objects and mentions and it was awesome.Rogue one has even more , and guess what... that makes it a better movie. its a movie for the fans , and it should be. afterall only the first one should be open to a new public the rest should be for fans only.This movie features fans wet-dreams such as : -Live action kyber crystals ! -VADER ! -Hammerhead cruisers !!!!!!!!-C1-10P and the ghost from rebels ! -old planets -details of lore that need to be seen on the big screen.The movie assumes you love StarWars and read the canon books and comics and watch the shows , and that makes it perfect.The story is great , the action is somewhat brutal (for a StarWars movie) and the charecters are moraly grey.… Expand Score: 100%Rogue One is a spectacular film that suggests a bright future for the Star Wars franchise. The movie's perfect blend of action, emotion, humor, and nostalgia, make Rogue One one of the best Star Wars movies ever made.
Pros:
-TonsScore: 100%Rogue One is a spectacular film that suggests a bright future for the Star Wars franchise. The movie's perfect blend of action, emotion, humor, and nostalgia, make Rogue One one of the best Star Wars movies ever made.Pros:-Tons of action-Cameos-Very emotional scenes-Comedic relief-Epic music-Darth VaderCons:-None… Expand I mean what else do you want? For what they had to work with I think they did a fantastic job. I just got home, so maybe I'm still high off the fumes of the rebellion, but I wouldn't put up too much of a fight with anyone that says it wasI mean what else do you want? For what they had to work with I think they did a fantastic job. I just got home, so maybe I'm still high off the fumes of the rebellion, but I wouldn't put up too much of a fight with anyone that says it was better than the force awakens.… Expand Story/CharactersI thought that this film is very strong in it's story and characters.  Nothing is held back in this film.  The Rebels and Imperials are both fighting hard and dying while attempting to reach theirs goals.  The tone of thisStory/CharactersI thought that this film is very strong in it's story and characters.  Nothing is held back in this film.  The Rebels and Imperials are both fighting hard and dying while attempting to reach theirs goals.  The tone of this film is serious and thoughtful.  Each protagonist, while not given a great deal of screen time, has a distinct personality and worldview that is displayed through their conversations and behavior.  Visuals/MusicThe visual effects and music are, in my opinion, top notch.  While the visual style is different than previous Star Wars films, this is an intentional choice and it works for this film.  Action sequences are easy to follow (no excessive shaky cam or wild, rapid panning) and the cinematography and framing are excellent.  The sense of scale is impressive and CGI effect shots are mostly very well done.  If you're able to view this movie while keeping in mind that it is new and different in some ways, I think you'll enjoy it.  The music is not by John Williams, but it is clearly inspired by his work and it feels entirely appropriate for a Star Wars film.  In other words, this is the best that Star Wars music can be without simply reusing existing John Williams' existing material (which would have enjoyable but truly lacking in creativity).OverallThis may be my favorite Star Wars film and I say that as a fan of the series.  It is an adult-oriented film and could be called "bittersweet".  I found it powerful and emotionally moving while also still being fun and exciting.  If you find joy in watching epic space combat scenes as I do, this is a Star Wars film you'll particularly enjoy.… Expand Rogue One is the prequel Star Wars deserves.And a thing to note is that the original trilogy has a tone of ingenuity. On the other hand, for Rogue One the tone align to a struggling new found hope. And that is what make Rogue OneRogue One is the prequel Star Wars deserves.And a thing to note is that the original trilogy has a tone of ingenuity. On the other hand, for Rogue One the tone align to a struggling new found hope. And that is what make Rogue One exceptional. That filme shows the fight and the struggle to build the ground from where the NEW HOPE could flourish, through a boy ingenuity in Episode IV.The heroes in Rogue One are much like the soldiers who fought and died in the beachs of Normand to build the ground for the Alied campain and victory against the nazis in WWII.… Expand Rogue One feels more like an exhilarating war film than a Star Wars film, but this is obviously a good thing. The new characters and recognizable cameos are fantastic, the action scenes are top notch, and it is shot extremely well. The film'sRogue One feels more like an exhilarating war film than a Star Wars film, but this is obviously a good thing. The new characters and recognizable cameos are fantastic, the action scenes are top notch, and it is shot extremely well. The film's first third drags a bit and Gareth Edwards' directorial flaws peek in and out, but the rest of the film's pros make up for it. A great addition to the Star Wars mythos and I hope they make more films like this in the future of a galaxy far far away.… Expand This is such a great film. It has a slow build up but by the end I was absolutely beaming. This is not a award winning drama. It's a star wars film. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. It's amazing. Even my wife, who is not a star wars fan,This is such a great film. It has a slow build up but by the end I was absolutely beaming. This is not a award winning drama. It's a star wars film. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. It's amazing. Even my wife, who is not a star wars fan, loved it. A fan and a non-fan walking out happy? What more could you want!… Expand Look, I'm a massive Star Wars fan, but I've been nothing but disappointed since the mid-eighties really. Episode 7 was somewhat okay for me, but it left a lot of **** in its wake. Rogue One goes about explaining some key things that have leftLook, I'm a massive Star Wars fan, but I've been nothing but disappointed since the mid-eighties really. Episode 7 was somewhat okay for me, but it left a lot of **** in its wake. Rogue One goes about explaining some key things that have left the nerd-verse puzzled about the original Star Wars - Episode IV - A New Hope (as it was later dubbed). Rogue One goes about explaining that and it does so really well and it takes no prisoners.… Expand “It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire’s ultimate weapon, the“It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire’s ultimate weapon, the DEATH STAR, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet.”These words are the first thing that anyone ever saw of Star Wars as the film opened in 1977 and now Gareth Edwards has imbued them fully in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.Hope AnewThe Rebellion’s struggle just got worse, as it learns that the Empire has created a world-killing weapon named the Death Star. The Rebellion finds itself on the knife’s edge between hope and despair. The council of the Rebellion cannot decide what to do. Do they risk it all by trying to steal the plans, or do they resign themselves to defeat and despair? Jyn challenges the council, “What chance do we have? The question is what choice”. She implores the council to remember that if they do nothing then they’ve sealed the fate of the galaxy and that evil this great cannot go unopposed. It brings to mind Edmund Burke’s famous saying, “The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.” She encourages them with a refrain Cassian Andor said to her earlier in the movie, “Rebellions are built on hope”. Hope changes everything, it reminds people that the way it is, is not how it has to be. Hope is the spark that, if kindled, creates the fire of change. Change is possible, but it takes sacrifice, determination and some times, lives to see it come about.The beauty of the film is that hope is not just a figment of the heroes imaginations. The Force seems quite active, even without the Jedi. It’s moving in mysterious ways and bringing people together that can make a difference. This band of rogues does the impossible, one chance at a time, succeeding in their goal and setting in motion something that will see the end of the Empire.The MovieGareth Edwards made a Star Wars movie that feels completely different and yet utterly familiar, all at the same time. Like The Clone Wars, Edwards uses cinematic inspirations to pull in the war movie genre and make it a Star Wars movie, emphasis on the war. The nods to great war films of the past are all there and they work perfectly. On top of that you feel the “Star Wars” seeping out of every single frame. The Ghost from Star Wars Rebels can be seen at least 4 times, Cham Sydulla is called for over the coms at Yavin 4, the sets feel like they came out of a lost arc of The Clone Wars, Saw Gerrera has an important role and so much more. The point here is that Edwards lovingly knits together the history of the Prequel and the Original trilogy and it’s seamless.Star Wars, when it’s at it’s best, is stretching what it means to be Star Wars by taking other genres and telling a story in the Star Wars universe that aligns with the themes of the saga. Edwards achievement is nothing short of incredible, the movie feels like the Maker’s fingerprints are all over it and it’s the highest compliment that could be paid to the movie.The characters are outstanding. K-2so is the best new droid since R2 and Jyn, Cassian, Chirrut, Baze and Bhodi are all welcome additions to the Star Wars canon. Darth Vader’s scenes are chilling (and let’s stop here and just geek out completely that Vader’s castle is finally on screen!) and perfectly played, just enough to leave you wanting more.The music by Giacchino feels like a welcome addition to the Star Wars franchise, it’s much like The Clone Wars music and only references familiar themes in snippets yet that’s a good thing. The movie needed it’s own identity and the themes he created feel familiar and distinct, perfectly matching the spirit of the movie.I’ll get personal, this movie is everything I wanted a new Star Wars movie to be. Pushing the boundaries of what it means to be Star Wars while at the same time respecting the history and the franchise as a whole. Here’s to hoping the rumors of Edwards wanting to direct a Kenobi movie are true. Rogue One is rated 4.5 upside down Death Stars out of 5.… Expand It was the best in the franchise right behind Empire Strikes Back. The cast was amazing. The story was amazing. The cameos were awesome. This movie is so damn good on so many levels. The only complaints I have are the slow opening and theIt was the best in the franchise right behind Empire Strikes Back. The cast was amazing. The story was amazing. The cameos were awesome. This movie is so damn good on so many levels. The only complaints I have are the slow opening and the movies score. Music could have been better. Nothing more to complain about after that.… Expand Rogue One: a Star Wars Story is a movie far different that anythingthat has ever been released under the lucasfilm name. It is completelydevoid of a crawl at the beginning for one thing; Instead it startswith a concussive sforzando of the score, and space flashes onto thescreen, as if to say, "Here it is, what else did you expect?" I lovethose bold yellow words as much as the next guy, they function as acall to adventure, an invitation to a place far different from anythingthe viewer is used to. But Rogue One is different: it's a lot lessadventurous and far more familiar than the galaxy far far away has everbeen. I mean this in the most complimentary way possible; this is afilm that puts the War in "Star Wars" in an acute fashion. Rogue One's main strength is its action. In this reviewers humbleopinion, it features the best action the franchise has to offer. Beforeyou cry "Blasphemy!" and slam the computer shut in rage, allow me toexplain myself. The battle of the death star in Return of the Jedi isprobably the original trilogy's best space combat. It provides avigorous depiction of spacial warfare, displaying the speed and chaosof ship to ship combat. It is, however, fettered by the primitivity ofearly 1980s special effects. The Force Awakens brought to the tablemodern effects, but was fairly unexciting to watch due to its being anear carbon copy of the battle in IV. The battle that serves as RogueOne's climax is an all-new concept. Things like planetary shield gates,message transmissions, and ramming ships are brought in the picture.Aided by 15 or so visual effects companies Disney recruited, it looksconsiderably excellent as well.  Many aspects of A New Hope are also addressed. The conveniently placedexhaust port is no longer a shoehorned plot device, but a final act ofrevenge by a defecting engineer. Tarkin isn't a Grand Moff but a lowlyGovernor, and we get to witness his ascension to power firsthand. DarthVader also plays a fairly major role in the film. Many have criticizedEdwards for his habitation of barely three scenes, but really, thismakes them special. Lack of cinematic appearance for the last 34 yearsmakes it that much more exciting. I struggled in containing myexcitement when I heard that mechanical rasp coming out of the pitchblack hallway of the rebel cruiser in the last scene. After all thosewarnings about cell phones, I figured a boisterous scream of childlikeglee would probably be frowned upon in the establishment. When Vader'scrimson blade appeared, spreading the faces of the trembling rebelsoldiers and the hallway of that ship in rufescent, evil glow, I wasactually shaking with anticipation. Vader precedes to hurl himself uponthe hapless rebels with wieldy might. The rebels rush back, handingoff the sought after plans from man to man, as Vader slashes, chokes,and tosses through their ranks with ease. In a moment of perfection,the trooper hands off his precious cargo to a CG Princess Leia. "Whatdid they bring us?" he says. "Hope" she replies. Needless to say, Ialmost cried.  As I exited the theater, barely keeping my balance after listening toGiacchino's brilliant overture, I overheard a woman talking withdissatisfaction about the movie: "I guess it was good, it was kind ofdepressing though. I mean, they all died, right?""WRONG!" I wanted to scream. Yes, they all die, but in a blaze ofglory. Each character receives the fitting end that I only wish HanSolo had been given. Countless rebel giants fall, fighting for therebel cause. Bohdie the pilot dies wiring an antenna, Baze Malbus dies
fighting with newfound acceptance of the force, and Cassian and Jyn die
having passed on the death star plans. While nothing else can ever fill
the place the original trilogy holds in my heart, I must admit no other
Star Wars film has ever portrayed, at least this powerfully, the theme
of sacrifice, and how it can pave the way for a new hope.… Expand Personally I was quite shocked out how things panned out in this - kudos to Disney and LFL for making a gutsy and uncompromising war movie. And although the character development wasn't it's strong point, the characters were all at leastPersonally I was quite shocked out how things panned out in this - kudos to Disney and LFL for making a gutsy and uncompromising war movie. And although the character development wasn't it's strong point, the characters were all at least likeable and Chirrut and Baze were genuinely great. Really ballsy given the circumstances.AND DARTH VADER THOUGH!!!!!!… Expand Rogue One is, quite frankly, MAGNIFICENT. Disney deserve praise for not shying away from allowing the filmmakers to apply some bold story decisions in the third act. This isn’t some neutered, watered down version of Star Wars – this is StarRogue One is, quite frankly, MAGNIFICENT. Disney deserve praise for not shying away from allowing the filmmakers to apply some bold story decisions in the third act. This isn’t some neutered, watered down version of Star Wars – this is Star Wars at its most uncompromised. Thrilling, beautiful and occasionally surprising, this is the prequel the fans deserve.… Expand Cuesta escribir una critica objetiva siendo fan de la saga SW, pero cumple con todas las expectativas y las supera. La película, llena de guiños a episodio IV transforma a la doctrina jedi y "la fuerza" en portadora de fe.… Expand After the disappointment from the Force Awakens I went to the cinema with very low expectations for Rogue One. However, the movie far surpassed them. I expected cheesy moments, hollow motivational speeches, badly adapted setting. It was noneAfter the disappointment from the Force Awakens I went to the cinema with very low expectations for Rogue One. However, the movie far surpassed them. I expected cheesy moments, hollow motivational speeches, badly adapted setting. It was none of these. Apart from an unconvincing martial arts character, everything in Rogue One was Star Wars from the beginning to the end. Great humor, memorable cameos and references, intensive action scenes and all of this - without overdoing it. Awesome work!… Expand If you're an original trilogy purest this movie will hit you in the gut and hold you enthralled for just over two hours. THIS is the Star Wars movie we've been waiting for since 1985.While not perfect, it is the perfect antidote to the lastIf you're an original trilogy purest this movie will hit you in the gut and hold you enthralled for just over two hours. THIS is the Star Wars movie we've been waiting for since 1985.While not perfect, it is the perfect antidote to the last four weaksauce episodes (yeah, I'm talking to you too Force Awakens). I cheered, I cried, my mouth dropped in awe. I fell in love with Star Wars all over again, something I'd written off as impossible. As a previously bitter fan, this one movie has instilled within me the driving theme of this wonderful film, hope.… Expand This is a good movie, but not even nearly as good as The Force Awakens. It is quite the spectacle, and a reasonably coherent story, but somewhat lacking in character development. It is also definitively the darkest Star Wars movie, but thatThis is a good movie, but not even nearly as good as The Force Awakens. It is quite the spectacle, and a reasonably coherent story, but somewhat lacking in character development. It is also definitively the darkest Star Wars movie, but that didn't really have much impact for me, perhaps do to the aforementioned lack of character development leading to a lack of caring about the stakes.All I'll say about the plot is that it is a wholly original take on Star Wars, but a few times seems quite hemmed in by how it has to end. I wonder if they originally meant for it to be different, but were forced to change things for the sake of continuity.The acting was mostly decent, but not great. I did think that Felicity Jones stood out in a good way in that department as Jyn Erso.… Expand My favorite Star Wars movie. I love this movie because; darker and more real.birth of Death Star. Very scary Darth Vader. very scary laser from Death Star. no happy ending. sad ending.    I don't enjoy lightsaber battles, I enjoy seeingMy favorite Star Wars movie. I love this movie because; darker and more real.birth of Death Star. Very scary Darth Vader. very scary laser from Death Star. no happy ending. sad ending.    I don't enjoy lightsaber battles, I enjoy seeing people killed by Darth Vader with lightsaber. People try to survive and escape from Darth Vader. People try to survive and escape from laser from Death Star. There should be movies like this not like Star Wars 1,2,3,7. There should be Star Wars every year. I can't wait.… Expand GREAT!! Star Wars fans will love every aspect of this movie, action, story, character..  but for me, the biggest achievement was the way  they connect this movie with episode IV... I left the cinema with a sense of euphoria that reminded meGREAT!! Star Wars fans will love every aspect of this movie, action, story, character..  but for me, the biggest achievement was the way  they connect this movie with episode IV... I left the cinema with a sense of euphoria that reminded me of childhood times!… Expand I will preface this by stating that I did not like TFA at all. I thought it was a complete retread of previous movies. I went into Rouge One with low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. Most of the story is quite predictable, you canI will preface this by stating that I did not like TFA at all. I thought it was a complete retread of previous movies. I went into Rouge One with low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. Most of the story is quite predictable, you can see almost all of the twists and turns coming from a mile away. The characters are ok, but not great. This is both a plus and a minus to the movie. Part of the reason I did not like TFA is that the characters were overly dominant to the movie. If you didn't like Finn or Rey the movie was hard to watch. None of the Rogue One characters stand out either way. No one really bothered me, but I also didn't care about any of them in any significant way. The movie is almost a paint by numbers remake of a half dozen WWII movies. I however liked this to a certain degree. I left thinking the movie did its job. It told a one off story that was engaging but not over the top. It gave me some space battles and ground fights that I could enjoy without setting up a series of other new movies (boo TFA).… Expand First of all all the haters out there need to stfu.  How pathetic and unintelligent does a human have to be to rate this epic movie low?  We are talking about the most loved franchise of all time and what these filmmakers have managed to doFirst of all all the haters out there need to stfu.  How pathetic and unintelligent does a human have to be to rate this epic movie low?  We are talking about the most loved franchise of all time and what these filmmakers have managed to do is nothing short of extraordinary.  Go see this movie in 3d now !!!  All I have to say is bacta tank !… Expand They left the best movie of the year for last wow!.Incredible cast and relateable characters and atmosphere was definitely a step up and proves what Disney can do,haven't seen it? go see it NOW!,seen it? go see it again to relive what anThey left the best movie of the year for last wow!.Incredible cast and relateable characters and atmosphere was definitely a step up and proves what Disney can do,haven't seen it? go see it NOW!,seen it? go see it again to relive what an impressive,outstanding movie this is.Legendary… Expand Does a lot of things right, and some crtical ones wrong. The biggest negatives 1) score and music editing (timing of music with whats happening on screen is completely offputting and doesnt help in setting the tone2) first half introductionsDoes a lot of things right, and some crtical ones wrong. The biggest negatives 1) score and music editing (timing of music with whats happening on screen is completely offputting and doesnt help in setting the tone2) first half introductions and character motivations were eehhh.3) inspiration speeches from people we just met 4) cgi tarkin,(other character from new hope) and vaders voice.5) didnt' really care for the characters apart from the main trio (madds included).Positivesthe second half .. and the environmental/battle/ship graphics- wow. just wow. see this in imax if possible just for the visuals. also, the nice connection at the end to the new hope. all in all id have given this an 8.5 if it had been scored well . still, heaps better than VII… Expand "Star Wars: Rogue One" was an exciting film, the story was well created, the script was very good, but maybe it was not better than episode 7, I felt identified with the protagonists, the cameos are impresive, and without Doubt was one of my favorites of the saga.… Expand The Force Awakens was a total letdown last year but I have to say that this time Lucasfilm (Disney) did a great job. Rogue One is just amazing. Seriously go out and watch it becouse it deserve it, it's a true Star Wars movie. It's a story ofThe Force Awakens was a total letdown last year but I have to say that this time Lucasfilm (Disney) did a great job. Rogue One is just amazing. Seriously go out and watch it becouse it deserve it, it's a true Star Wars movie. It's a story of hope, a story of sacrifice for the greater good against the odds and oppression and I really loved the way the characters are well developed and plausible this time.Also, even if there isn't (almost...) any lightsaber in it, still it shows us the force in a way that is so much better and convincing in comparison to what jj Abrams did in Episode 7, which totally broke my suspension of disbelief.Both Visual and audio are stunning.The ending is very climactic and the final battle (space and land)is just mind blowing.I do believe that this movie totally embrace the spirit of the Rebel Alliance. Finally!… Expand Absolutely in the top five Star Wars Movies ever made and a joy to watch from beginning to end.While yes, there are issues with the movie, some of the CGI can be a bit in the uncanny valley the first time you see it and some of theAbsolutely in the top five Star Wars Movies ever made and a joy to watch from beginning to end.While yes, there are issues with the movie, some of the CGI can be a bit in the uncanny valley the first time you see it and some of the characters are under developed, I don't feel they impact the movie too seriously. The movie ties perfectly into the start of 'A New Hope' and helps to fill in plenty of holes that were in the original movie, such as why Luke becomes 'Red 5', why the Death Star has such an odd weakness and how Vader can be so certain that Leia isn't on a diplomatic mission as she claims.Also, the fact that the Rebellion isn't depicted right out as the good guys in the film, is a massive relief! In all of the original trilogy, the Rebels are shown as the moral right, good guys against an evil empire. But not in Rogue One. Here we see a Rebellion that is on the verge of breaking, taking desperate measures to keep themselves hidden and accomplish their goals in the face of overwhelming odds, where many of their missions are win or die trying.For any Star Wars fans, this is highly recommended that you see it!… Expand We are now living in an era where we can look forward to a new ‘Star Wars’ movie each year. And luckily for us, the two Disney have released so far are amazing. While ‘The Force Awakens’ was light-hearted like the original, ‘Rogue One’ takesWe are now living in an era where we can look forward to a new ‘Star Wars’ movie each year. And luckily for us, the two Disney have released so far are amazing. While ‘The Force Awakens’ was light-hearted like the original, ‘Rogue One’ takes a darker turn, with a morally ambiguous lead cast and a more realistic war-like feel.The movie follows the story of Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones), the daughter of an Imperial Scientist, who is unwillingly recruited by the Rebel Alliance to find her father and stop the Empire from unleashing their new planet-killer onto the galaxy. However, as her journey continues, she discovers the Rebel Alliance isn’t always quite as heroic as we would like to believe.One of the things that makes Rogue One great is that it isn’t black and white. While the Empire is still clearly evil, the Rebel Alliance is also shown to not always make the right choices, and one quote that sums this up pretty well is when Jyn tells Cassian Andor (Diego Luna) “You might as well be a Storm Trooper.”One thing that surprised me about this movie was just how great some of the performances were. Two actors I think people will be talking about are Felicity Jones as Jyn Erso and Alan Tudyk as K-2SO (the film’s main source of comic relief). While Tudyk provides plenty of laughs, Jones portrays her character’s strengths and flaws perfectly.All right all done here bye-bye!…Oh wait. I forgot about the best part of the movie – Darth Vader. Not since ‘The Empire Strikes Back’ have we seen Vader this merciless and evil. His screen time is limited, but extremely powerful and satisfying (particularly the absolutely badass ending).Rogue One is absolutely one of the best ‘Star Wars’ movies yet, with a dark story and a great cast of characters. The force is strong with this one!… Expand Far from a perfect movie, Rogue One is an entertaining Sci-Fi action romp.  The Characters are all likable and relate-able though their introductions did seem a little rushed.    The biggest criticism I have is that at times it seemed that it wasn't sure what tone it wanted to have.  There are moments that are dark that hit a perfect tone for the dire story of the movie and then there are times where a heroic almost joyful fanfare plays (reminiscent of the OG Trilogy) and it just feels out of place with the scene.  One scene in particular was the biggest offender, When the Rebel Hammerhead cruiser sacrifices itself to take out one of the star destroyers and open the shield gate, the music is bouncy and has a twinkle to it...  NO, several dozen if not hundreds of Rebel sailors just sacrificed, willingly might I add, their lives to hopefully open the shield gate.  That needed to be somber or heroic.  And it was not.  There were a few other instances of this happening but not as dramatic as what I just wrote.  Other than the tonal issues at times, I feel the direction and acting in Rogue One was exemplary.  I feel it sets a good foundation for the "offshoots" of the Star Wars franchise and I'm looking forward to what Lucasfilm and Disney have to offer down the road.… Expand Even though we already knew how it would end, this movie had me on the edge of my seat the whole time. There are parts that will make you laugh and parts that will make you cry and scenes that will leave you in awe. It is truly one of theEven though we already knew how it would end, this movie had me on the edge of my seat the whole time. There are parts that will make you laugh and parts that will make you cry and scenes that will leave you in awe. It is truly one of the most captivating movies I have ever seen. Whilst it does have you asking "why did they do that?" a few times, it does little to detract from the enjoyment of the film and I am sure that if one put a little thought into these decisions they could be justified.  Overall, a great film that I would highly recommend even if you have somehow not watched any of the other Star Wars films.… Expand Rogue One is a cinematically great, esp. the third part. But, it's still lacking the characterisations. Yet, the movie's still amazing. Hmm...the ending is a big twist. And, I don't know that 2 person in this movie are a CGI one. I don't knowRogue One is a cinematically great, esp. the third part. But, it's still lacking the characterisations. Yet, the movie's still amazing. Hmm...the ending is a big twist. And, I don't know that 2 person in this movie are a CGI one. I don't know a lot about Star Wars Saga. But, I like this one, more than The Force Awakens.… Expand Rogue One is thankfully another admirable Hollywood film that sincerely honors sacrifice, persistence, and hope. Of the Star Wars films, it's probably the best since the original three, and it links fairly well to the first.It would be niceRogue One is thankfully another admirable Hollywood film that sincerely honors sacrifice, persistence, and hope. Of the Star Wars films, it's probably the best since the original three, and it links fairly well to the first.It would be nice to know more about some of the characters, to sense even more deeply what they've suffered, but the film's focus on the story of the ensemble and how it miraculously comes together leads to another fascinating point: Arguably its handling of the idea of the Force or of a force behind the force may be more suggestive of a beneficent divine Providence, and thus closer to the Judeo-Christian God, than in the original three films which seemed to say that the Force requires balance--the light side requires a dark side, and so on (e.g. any victory of the good side is always only temporary, to be followed by the ascendancy of the dark side due to the purported balanced nature of the Force). The new film's seeming shift is a positive development. That notion of balance, of equal eternal opposition of good and evil, failed (even in the fictional world) to adequately or helpfully distinguish between good and evil so as to recognize good as higher than or better than or transcendent over evil. One could even argue from this development that the original films involved untrustworthy narration that is only now being revealed. Perhaps full investment in the themes stated above required this development. Hope would be unfounded without it.And in its more unmitigated sense of a beneficent divine Providence watching over, superintending events, it feels reminiscent of the divine Providence and Creator (Eru Iluvitar) behind the scenes in The Lord of the Rings. But I guess time will tell if Star Wars really moves in this direction.… Expand Critics are pretty wrong on this one. Characters could have been developed a little more, but the tension, cinematography and, overall story didn't disappoint. No one in my theater seemed unhappy and many even clapped an cheered and this wasCritics are pretty wrong on this one. Characters could have been developed a little more, but the tension, cinematography and, overall story didn't disappoint. No one in my theater seemed unhappy and many even clapped an cheered and this was 2 days after the premier on a 6:30 showing.… Expand What a fantastic Star Wars film. Star Wars for adults who grew up wanting to do battle in a galaxy far, far away. The characters here are some of the most interesting you'll find in Star Wars, and the villains are darkly glorious. Fathers,What a fantastic Star Wars film. Star Wars for adults who grew up wanting to do battle in a galaxy far, far away. The characters here are some of the most interesting you'll find in Star Wars, and the villains are darkly glorious. Fathers, hug your daughters; we're in for a ride.… Expand I didn't care for the director's "Godzilla" movie (too much serious dialogue from characters I didn't care about), so I wondered how likeable this would be. I didn't like Rogue One ... I LOVED it (and the characters)! While it started on theI didn't care for the director's "Godzilla" movie (too much serious dialogue from characters I didn't care about), so I wondered how likeable this would be. I didn't like Rogue One ... I LOVED it (and the characters)! While it started on the slower end of things, by the time the movie ended and the credits rolled, my mind was blown. I knew it took place somewhere between SW3 and SW4, but what they did, how they handled it - hard to describe. Something like this: you go to the zoo to see a Lion, but before you leave, you've got your head in it's mouth looking down it's throat - unexpected up close view. Wow.… Expand фильм очень хороший и интересный.Вот он на много лучше чем эпизод 7.фьмсфлджосфдшмрдфдрмфрмдшфрмсфдшрафдшрафлдоралдфралдфраодфралдфоралдфралдфафрлафафафильм очень хороший и интересный.Вот он на много лучше чем эпизод 7.фьмсфлджосфдшмрдфдрмфрмдшфрмсфдшрафдшрафлдоралдфралдфраодфралдфоралдфралдфафрлафафа As a star wars fan, not a single movie in recent history has made me as excited and amazed as rouge one has. This movie has some over extended moments that get a bit pale, and some acts may be slightly weak; but the rest makes up for it 100%.As a star wars fan, not a single movie in recent history has made me as excited and amazed as rouge one has. This movie has some over extended moments that get a bit pale, and some acts may be slightly weak; but the rest makes up for it 100%. The action, cinematography, feel of wonder is all there and better than ever. I don't think Darth Vader has ever been more Vader and I don't we have ever seen a ground battle to this scale. This isn't your regular star wars movie but definitely not in a bad way.… Expand While Force Awakens played heavily on the nostalgia factor, Rogue One takes all the risks and it works out wonderful. No opening scroll so we jump right into the action. It ties up a lot of plot holes from the previous films (such as why theWhile Force Awakens played heavily on the nostalgia factor, Rogue One takes all the risks and it works out wonderful. No opening scroll so we jump right into the action. It ties up a lot of plot holes from the previous films (such as why the Death Star had it's fatal flaw), The action scenes are beautiful and the ending couldn't have been any better. They took a lot of risks with the CG (anyone who saw the film knows what I am talking about) but it paid off perfectly.My only complaint is that they didn't use the new villain as well as they could have. Aside from that, Go and see it immediately. It blows FA out of the water imo and I loved FA.… Expand This movie is for true Star Wars fans. It is the best movie since Empire. Perfectly ties in between Episode 3 and Episode 4. They even brought back Peter Cushing from the grave (albeit freaky and cool at the same time). There is no loveThis movie is for true Star Wars fans. It is the best movie since Empire. Perfectly ties in between Episode 3 and Episode 4. They even brought back Peter Cushing from the grave (albeit freaky and cool at the same time). There is no love story, no stupid characters like Jar Jar, no annoying little kid who loves Pod Racing, no anorexic chick named Rey who can wield the Force within three minutes, no whiny Kylo Ren with daddy issues, it is a perfect Star Wars movie. It is purely Empire vs Alliance in a Dirty Dozen type atmosphere. Go see it!… Expand I enjoyed Rogue One despite its flaws.  The first half hour is somewhat complicated as you are trying to decipher who is who and what is going on.  Then you realize that most of the characters have the exact same personality and temperament.I enjoyed Rogue One despite its flaws.  The first half hour is somewhat complicated as you are trying to decipher who is who and what is going on.  Then you realize that most of the characters have the exact same personality and temperament.  I think there is supposed to be chemistry between the two leads (Jyn and Cassian) but since they both have the same personality it fails.  A new robot (K-2SO) is introduced to bring some MUCH needed humor into the movie, but not enough to compare to the original three movies made by Lucas in the 1970s.  It seems recent directors forget how much humor was in the original films, part of what makes them so special.  Also, the last two films are not very original.  There aren't many scenes that we haven't seen before in other Star Wars Films.  A good soundtrack should emphasize the mood of the scene - you should not be constantly aware of it.  What saves this film are the action sequences and spectacular CGI images.  The CGI of the two characters from the first trilogy are pretty amazing overall, but you can tell something is a little "off".  I also applaud the ending which is not the typical Hollywood happy ending. There is enough good in the film to satisfy the typical Star Wars fan until the next installment, but don't expect perfection.… Expand After watching this film I am elated. Here I am thinking that Disney ruined the originality of Star Wars for me by making the no risk, recycled, nothing new 'Farce Awakens'. To be sure, I had a bit of skepticism still when I entered theAfter watching this film I am elated. Here I am thinking that Disney ruined the originality of Star Wars for me by making the no risk, recycled, nothing new 'Farce Awakens'. To be sure, I had a bit of skepticism still when I entered the theater. Would this film cautiously retread the story about some space peasant blessed with magical abilities? Would I have to sit though a nostalgia driven plot that makes no sense? to my relief I was spared any disappointment, and was treated with one of the most originally grounded Star Wars films. The beginning of the movie I felt was the slowest, but before long I was drawn completely into the plot. Then when the action begins it really doesn't stop, right up until the closing scene.It gets a 9 from me for being a truly self contained story, no real loose ends here, just one entertaining ride. -1 point for overdoing CGI a tad , and to all those who called out the music as a negative. At least it had some original scores, and I was able to actually hear it. Unlike in that awful 7th movie...… Expand A step backward from The Force Awakens, the second Disney Star Wars film still retains many positive elements that continue to show why Star Wars is the only good blockbuster we have left. While this will end soon (after we get one a year forA step backward from The Force Awakens, the second Disney Star Wars film still retains many positive elements that continue to show why Star Wars is the only good blockbuster we have left. While this will end soon (after we get one a year for the next century), Rogue One keeps the good karma rolling with an entertaining and thoroughly well crafted epic space opera. Blending the action with story like few blockbusters care to do anymore, Rogue One has a sense of spectacle and wonder that these types of films should have, but few do. Beneath its CGI Peter Cushing is a beating heart that is infectious and permeates every scene in the film. Though it has its flaws, the film fulfills its goals of providing quality entertainment, but does not spare the audience in exposition and plot, nor does it compromise its serious moments with comedy. In other words, Rogue One is not like the soulless cash-ins we have seen this year such as Captain America: Civil War, Jason Bourne, The Magnificent Seven, or Doctor Strange. Instead, Rogue One has a sense of purpose and it is determined to fulfill this goal.The end result of Rogue One is simple: deliver the Death Star plans to CGI Princess Leia. I know it is the last scene, but it is not a spoiler in the least since that is literally the plot. Along the way, we meet Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones) and a bunch of other people including a surprise Mexican (as a half-Latino who saw this with 8 other family members, this caused a great amount of shock) and some other people. Jyn is the daughter of Galen Erso (Mads Mikkelsen), who is working on the Death Star against his will as an engineer. After Galen sends a message out that informs the rebels as to the existence of the Death Star and how to defeat it, Jyn is brought in to help find Saw Gerrera (Forest Whitaker). A criminal, Jyn was adopted by Saw after her mother was killed and her father kidnapped by the Empire. A rebel himself, Saw Gerrera is an extremist and rejected by the rebellion. Following this, the film continues to build up to Jyn and her band of misfits working towards delivering the plans to Princess Leia. Admittedly, the character development is really bad. I understand the argument that this a one-off film, but this is hardly an excuse. Everybody here - including Jyn - is disposable. That said, some of these characters are seriously great, especially Chirrut Imwe (Donnie Yen). A blind man who wishes he was a jedi, Chirrut is actively a believer in the force and depends upon it for survival on more than one occasion. Of all the new characters, Chirrut is the easiest to root for and emphasizes the connections that can be made between the force/jedis and religion. Whenever he is on the screen, the scene is guaranteed to be incredibly powerful. Yet, while the film lacks character development, it does a good job making them likable. At all turns, the characters are endearing and, as a result, it makes the ending incredibly powerful and momentous, rather than easy to forget.In terms of the acting, Rogue One is far better than anything the original trilogy offered. Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, and Harrison Ford, were and are horrifically bad actors. Though they improved throughout the original trilogy (Hamill stayed the same or got worse though and age has not helped this; honestly, Hayden Christensen is better in the prequels than Hamill in any original trilogy film), the acting was always sub-par. Here, the actors are all up to the task. There are some awkward deliveries along the way from Diego Luna, but nothing to knock him down a peg. Otherwise, the rest of the cast brought their B+ game, which is acceptable for a film of this type. The only exception here is Forest Whitaker who was inexplicably bad. It sounded like each word had to escape from his mouth as he tried to keep it down. Just speak and not with some raspy voice that sounds fake.Plot-wise, there has been a lot of criticism towards the first two acts. Though incredibly slow and hardly as effective as the final act, the first two acts tie in so many prequel elements and original trilogy elements in order to tie them together beautifully, it cannot be ignored. Yes, a lot of it is fan service. However, the film needed to serve as a bridge between Episodes III and IV and it accomplishes this in the first two acts. Here, we see the terror on average families, learn about the Death Star, and are introduced to the rebellion, its indecisiveness, and issues it faces. Though slower than the huge finish, the first two acts are valuable and thoroughly engrossing all the same.That said though, the final act is impeccable. Building the film to a fever pitch, Gareth Edwards spills his toy box over with a truly fun ending. With Darth Vader exuding the terror he did in the original films and a powerful conclusion for the heroes of Rogue One, this film defines its unique status amongst modern blockbusters here in this final act.… Expand I thought it was a solid movie, 7/10. The pacing was a bit too fast in the beginning, then suddenly drags in the middle, but the third act really sells the show. This makes it hard to give it above a 7, but all in all the movie was a meaningful, unique story within the confines of the star wars universe that I enjoyed. In fact I'd say this movie was executed much better than Episode 7. TFA was heavy on the nostalgia pandering but left me guessing about WAY too much relevant plot information because they were saved for the books and future movies. Unlike TFA, I didn't HAVE to watch Clone Wars/Rebels or read the novelization to understand what was going on in Rogue One. It's cool for backstory but it didn't detract from the plot of the movie in front of me. The cast was amazing and although I didn't come to "care" for all of the characters' fates because there were a lot of them, I believe they each contributed something to the mission and overall movie. They weren't just on screen cracking jokes while getting their butts handed to them (Finn). Donnie and the Droid were especially show stealers, but by far my favorite character has to be Krennic. I might just rewatch the movie just to see Darth Vader going nuts on those dudes in the corridor, ha. Lastly, I loved how they filmed the Death Star beautifully looming in the sky before vaporizing everything. The cinematography in those scenes was fantastic. Really emphasizes the psychological warfare of seeing the Death Star hanging out over your planet.Admittedly I was concerned about the quality of the stand alone Star Wars movies since I am quite upset with how TFA turned out, but if this is how things are going to look in the future, I may continue watching Disney's Star Wars.… Expand Rogue One is easily the best movie of 2016. I don't know what movie critics saw , this movie was really good . The trash that was Force Awakens has been erased and has this has  given moviegoers hope in Disney and the Star Wars franchise .JJ Adbrams should be ashamed and embarrassed the trash he put on screen last year.… Expand Rogue One could be dull for young viewers or unremeakable thanks to it's nothing-new-to-show story-telling, but its main classic characters slow but significant appearence during the film and its shocking moments, Roge One becomes form aRogue One could be dull for young viewers or unremeakable thanks to it's nothing-new-to-show story-telling, but its main classic characters slow but significant appearence during the film and its shocking moments, Roge One becomes form a simple plot to a cool film.… Expand Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a fan-oriented movie, to my mind. I have watched all the movies, but I disliked this one because of many reaons. First, the story is very predictive, and it is not interesting at all. I know this is a spin-off,Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a fan-oriented movie, to my mind. I have watched all the movies, but I disliked this one because of many reaons. First, the story is very predictive, and it is not interesting at all. I know this is a spin-off, but still it is not worth. Second, sometimes it was so boring that I decided to sleep. Overall, I recommend watching this movie only if you are a true fan of Star Wars.… Expand Rogue One was definitely a decent movie. Far better than the force awakens. There were some loopholes, but a big one was a main core of the rebellion followed someone who had absolutely no tactical experience, no war time experience, nothing. Not even a dash of experience at all really; and any of the people who followed Jyn could have easily filled the leader role. I just didn't understand that at all. Jyn assuming command realistically and practically makes no sense what-so-ever. Don't get me wrong. I honestly don't give a F about a bad @ss female leadership role, like Lieutenant Ripley(Alien+), Selene(Underworld), Kerry Mathison (Homeland), etc. Just do it right and I have no problem.Another issue was the rebel commander (the woman in all white, whoever she is). In the original Star Wars she was not in-charge. Princess/Senator Leia was and she was the inspiration that the rebels needed, not Jyn. Moreover, the plans for the Death Star were not transmitted, they were hand given to Leia and she hid them within R2D2.I can go on, but people just need to watch this for themselves. I do recommend watching Rogue One despite the issues I have listed, and did not list.Side note: I was ecstatic that there was no PC/SJW BS. Some of the screen writers were talking white supremacy so don't expect anything risible and moronic as that.… Expand I am an old fan since before the Prequel Trilogy, and this Prequel Trilogy never enjoyed me a lot. I was disappointed by Episode 7. Where was the Star Wars spirit ? And then, I saw Rogue One. For many reasons, this is an excellent Star Wars.I am an old fan since before the Prequel Trilogy, and this Prequel Trilogy never enjoyed me a lot. I was disappointed by Episode 7. Where was the Star Wars spirit ? And then, I saw Rogue One. For many reasons, this is an excellent Star Wars. The scenario is very well-written, with a lot of unexpected developments. Special effects are very satisfying excepted for two characters. It doesn't affects the global felling however. Let's say it all : there's despair, hope, glory and emotion, humor, with a lot of winks towards all the other episodes. Most of all, this episode fit between espisodes 3 and 4 is perfectly articulated and acts as a real connection. I'm fully convinced this is a real Star Wars episode and should be seen by any fan or anyone else interested in Star Wars. I really enjoyed the show and the universe depicted. It looks believable and esthetically in absolute harmony with the "old" Star Wars movies, even if new ships are shown and new heroes too. There's also this specific and so appreciated urban chaos and crowds full of aliens on multi-storied cities. But you also get a lot of urban wars and exciting space fights.To be honest, even the end of the movie will keep your breathe until the very last second. Impressive until the end, graphically and scenaristically. That's all, just a very good Star Wars an old fan appreciated a lot. It's clearly impossible to do better than that. Great job guys ! Shall all the following episodes be done like that !… Expand Uneven. But the last half hour is a perfect 10. The acting is great all through the movie, though. The writing is the problem. There is far too little character development for one thing. Felicity Jones is the only character that gets anyUneven. But the last half hour is a perfect 10. The acting is great all through the movie, though. The writing is the problem. There is far too little character development for one thing. Felicity Jones is the only character that gets any kind of development at all. There's more 'character' and quirkiness in any 10-minute segment of A New Hope than in this entire film. I don't understand filmmakers. They want action action action. But if we don't know these people we aren't going to care very much what happens to them. You are shocked and saddened if you see someone hit by a car, sure. But if someone you know, someone you care about, who has made you laugh, a friend, gets hit, you are really traumatized. That's why successful memorable stories let you get to know characters and to like them, so that when they live through dramatic events, it will hit you in the gut emotionally. If filmmakers don't take the trouble to do this, all the action in the world means nothing. I thought at one point of leaving this movie about an hour and ten minutes into it, because there's a real ho-hum stretch in the middle. But I was glad I didn't because the final half hour is one of the best final acts of any Star Wars movie, or any action film of any kind, at least it is up there with the best of the best. FYI I am totally ignoring that the movie is inconsistent with the opening scroll of ANH. These people aren't spies in any way shape or form. Unless you count as a spy because you steal an Imperial uniform for a few minutes. But whatever. Who cares. Go see it, but prepare yourself for a ride of very uneven quality.… Expand Great movie compared to the most recent star wars titles.im 42 so i grew up with the originals, which ofc are legends for me.this tilte is more mature and realistic then all the previous titles, i liked the fact there is noGreat movie compared to the most recent star wars titles.im 42 so i grew up with the originals, which ofc are legends for me.this tilte is more mature and realistic then all the previous titles, i liked the fact there is no clown-characters, i liked very much the plot and many aspects of the setting which are at laest a bit more "realistic" then what was used to be in the franchise.Dont want to spoil cause here is still on theaters... anyway i like every direcotor choice in this movie.Its defo a great movie, i could not expect somethign better afeter seing episode VII, which was not bad but not great either..… Expand As much as I wanted to love this movie, I just couldn't. Don't get me wrong, I don't find "Rouge One" to be a bad movie by any means. It is simply a film that isn't without some flaws. Say what you want about "The Force Awakens", but at leastAs much as I wanted to love this movie, I just couldn't. Don't get me wrong, I don't find "Rouge One" to be a bad movie by any means. It is simply a film that isn't without some flaws. Say what you want about "The Force Awakens", but at least there was structure behind it. It had great dialogue, great editing, clear direction and well-rounded characters. With "Rouge One" the dialogue is not always spot on, the editing is a bit jarring at times, there's not always clear direction and there is not a great sense of care of the characters. Some of the characters from Ben Mendelshon, Mads Mikkelsen, Alan Tudyk, and Donnie Yen were much more memorable than others. Even two particular old school Star Wars characters impressed the hell out of me. At the same time, I found the rest of the characters to be nowhere as interesting. The biggest problem with "Rouge One" is that it doesn't take the time to flesh out our main protagonist's. When we get to bigger moments towards the end, there is no sense of worry or care about the fate of most of these new characters. But what ultimately makes this movie an enjoyable feast for the eyes is the action. The last thrid of this movie in particular is what everyone is going to be talking about. It absolutely looks stunning. Overall, has an interesting story, but it doesn't have as many interesting/memorable characters, or great structure in storytelling. Nevertheless, there is still enjoyment to behold. I'm going to give "Rouge One: A Star Wars Story" a B!… Expand A great standalone movie if it was not a star wars movie.  i understand its not a "jedi" movie essentially but i really missed the use of the force throughout the movie until the end.  If it wouldve had darth vader just kicking but, justA great standalone movie if it was not a star wars movie.  i understand its not a "jedi" movie essentially but i really missed the use of the force throughout the movie until the end.  If it wouldve had darth vader just kicking but, just destroying everything, showing off his amazing powers for like 10 minutes id have given it a 9 or 10.… Expand From the visual direction taken from the original trilogy, to the dirty environments, darker tone, interesting and varied cast of characters, and phenomenal ending, this just turned out to be my favoutite Star Wars movie since The Return ofFrom the visual direction taken from the original trilogy, to the dirty environments, darker tone, interesting and varied cast of characters, and phenomenal ending, this just turned out to be my favoutite Star Wars movie since The Return of the Jedi! While far from bad, only the soundtrack didn't 100% met my expectations.Surprisingly good movie and even better Star Wars one. 9.5/10… Expand (In-Depth) Rating - 8.2/10Rogue One, A Star Wars Story, tells the story of how the Rebellion captured the plans for the original Death Star. The film, which is filled to the brim with brilliant action and wonderful CGI, is a great film for(In-Depth) Rating - 8.2/10Rogue One, A Star Wars Story, tells the story of how the Rebellion captured the plans for the original Death Star. The film, which is filled to the brim with brilliant action and wonderful CGI, is a great film for fans and film-goers alike.Almost all of the performances in the film are well executed. The characters that these actors portray, however, are somewhat flat and lack emotional depth. Felicity Jones, who plays the character of Jyn Erso, is a wonderful addition to the many talents on screen. The character of Jyn Erso, however, is extremely weak and one-dimensional, considering that she is the main character of the film. Through flashbacks, we learn about her tragic past, and how her father was taken from her. You can't fully care about this character though, even with her backstory, and just resort to rooting for her simply because she is working with the rebellion. This happens with all of the other characters in the film as well.Michael Giacchino's score for Rogue One (which he composed in all of roughly 4 weeks, mind you) is the main reason why this film is good. It's magnificent blend between original score and pre-existing themes (most notably, Darth Vader's iconic theme) helps make the film slightly emotional, and truly shines during the action sequences, which are impressive even without the music.The CGI that encompasses Rogue One is arguably the best of the year. Everything from the glorious ground and space battles over Scarif to the endless amount of sets and and locations, the CGI blends almost perfectly with the live footage. However, arguably the most controversial aspect of Rogue One, is the inevitable inclusion of two motion-capture characters (no spoilers). Personally, I found these characters to be perfectly fine, minus a few (glaring) imperfections. All in all, Rogue One is not a perfect film (by any means), and definitely not as polished as last years' The Force Awakens. But the film is good (great, even), and will make for lots of fun and enjoyment.… Expand Better from Force Awakens in my opinion and the plot is far from childish (there are no Jar Jar Binks or Ewoks or stupid kiddie stuff) this movie is way darker and dramatic and very close to "The Empire Strikes back" atmosphere. CharactersBetter from Force Awakens in my opinion and the plot is far from childish (there are no Jar Jar Binks or Ewoks or stupid kiddie stuff) this movie is way darker and dramatic and very close to "The Empire Strikes back" atmosphere. Characters are more realistic in Rogue One with their ups and downs as opposed to Force Awakens which the main protagonist there appeared as a Super-Jedi feminist that knows everything without training...… Expand Not a bad movie by any means but totally unnecessary. I felt the same way about the prequels even though this picture was executed much better than any of those. The Star Wars universe has a huge timeline (just look at the games etc.) yetNot a bad movie by any means but totally unnecessary. I felt the same way about the prequels even though this picture was executed much better than any of those. The Star Wars universe has a huge timeline (just look at the games etc.) yet they keep making movies that revolve around the same period.… Expand Good movie. I enjoyed it much more than the Force Awakens, which felt like a rehash of A New Hope. Finally we get a fresh Star Wars movie that makes use of the best elements of the SW universe while also giving us new things to discover andGood movie. I enjoyed it much more than the Force Awakens, which felt like a rehash of A New Hope. Finally we get a fresh Star Wars movie that makes use of the best elements of the SW universe while also giving us new things to discover and enjoy. I enjoyed the ensemble cast, and as usual the visual effects and battle scenes are top notch. Some of the dialogue was too exposition heavy though, and the cutting to so many different locations got confusing. Overall though, solid movie, and a good direction for the SW movies to be moving in.… Expand Rougue One is a human story about the many troopers who tried to do what was necessary to bring down the imperable alliance. It is a tale of loss, grief, sorrow and, of course, hope. Whilst not having the most fleshed out characters the filmRougue One is a human story about the many troopers who tried to do what was necessary to bring down the imperable alliance. It is a tale of loss, grief, sorrow and, of course, hope. Whilst not having the most fleshed out characters the film portrays and expands on the star wars mythos giving much more insight into this expansive universe. I adored the film. The film adds so much more depth to the original Star Wars film. It truly is a star wars story that feels freash. I can't wait for what is to come from this franchise and edally anticipate episode 8.… Expand As a standalone movie, this is imho the best Star Wars Movie.  The pure action may have been better in Ep 3, the best light saber battle is Ep 1, but those 2 movies were absolute trash.Writing and dialogue are hands down the best out of allAs a standalone movie, this is imho the best Star Wars Movie.  The pure action may have been better in Ep 3, the best light saber battle is Ep 1, but those 2 movies were absolute trash.Writing and dialogue are hands down the best out of all the series in Rogue One.  One addition by subtraction is a different reliance on the Force compared to the other films, turning it into a grittier movie and less of a battle of super-beings.  Most importantly, I've now got a new favorite droid.  I kinda wonder what Lucas thinks of all this.… Expand With "Rogue One," Gareth Edwards has created an intriguing, gritty war film that somehow also manages to double as a companion piece to established "Star Wars" lore. No small feat. The top notch production design and special effects also helpWith "Rogue One," Gareth Edwards has created an intriguing, gritty war film that somehow also manages to double as a companion piece to established "Star Wars" lore. No small feat. The top notch production design and special effects also help lend an air of authenticity and effort to this undeniably well-produced mid-quel of sorts. I may wish that a bit more detail was given to certain characters, and that the plot was a little bit more clean in its opening acts, but I will gladly take this over a circa-90's/00's CGI slog of flagrant racial stereotypes and political drivel. Consider me entertained and then some!… Expand Non-spoiler here.  I have to say it was well done.  Definitely a feel for the era it is set in.  The plot is solid and there are MANY nods to everything in the Star Wars Universe.  Sometimes you just have to listen to the background soundsNon-spoiler here.  I have to say it was well done.  Definitely a feel for the era it is set in.  The plot is solid and there are MANY nods to everything in the Star Wars Universe.  Sometimes you just have to listen to the background sounds and announcements.  I love the whole way everything unfolded all the way up until the end.  Then, in the last seconds, they drop a plot hole.  Not a plot hole for the movie, but where it fits into the universe of Star Wars.  Doesn't mean that the movie up until that point was bad.  I give credit where credit is due.  It just did a small bit of overreach in those last seconds.  This movie hits on all the points that it should.  It is one of the better movies to come from this universe.  It has a hard, war edge that I see spawned the comment that it is the first movie to acknowledge that there is a war going on.  While not totally accurate, the sentiment is.  It is no Empire, but it certainly hits a bit better than the Force Awakens.By the way, a lot of the scenes that ended up in the commercials are not in the movie.  I don't know which is the reshoot and not, but there is a ton of scenes in those commercials that are not in the movie.  This actually makes me hope for a definitive/director's cut that will be as additive as Batman v Superman.  This movie needed to be just a bit longer to properly provide exposition.… Expand Rogue One starts off with so many ideas/characters/plot and action that you wonder if it will all get resolved. It does and it becomes a wonderful introduction to the first Star Wars film, "A New Hope". The only real weakness here is theRogue One starts off with so many ideas/characters/plot and action that you wonder if it will all get resolved. It does and it becomes a wonderful introduction to the first Star Wars film, "A New Hope". The only real weakness here is the blatant overacting of the cast, which causes about half of them to be unlikeable.… Expand 8.5/10 (Metacritic doesn't let you do decimals)This is my second favorite Star Wars after Empire.  The worst part of the movie is the beginning, and it progressively gets better from there until it's firing on all cylinders by the end.  The8.5/10 (Metacritic doesn't let you do decimals)This is my second favorite Star Wars after Empire.  The worst part of the movie is the beginning, and it progressively gets better from there until it's firing on all cylinders by the end.  The final act is spectacular!  Probably the best space battle excepting Jedi, and the best ground fight in any Star Wars.The story is great, and even goes so far to correct a 40-year-old plot hole in A New Hope (I won't explain that further for fear of spoilers).The weak point is the character development.  The two mains, Jyn and Cassian, have decent character arcs.  Chirrut and Baze play two characters that are pretty much cliche at this point, but still enjoyable.  Bodhi is forgettable.  K-2SO is pretty awesome and carries almost all of the comedic relief on his shoulders, and not in the cheesy way the prequels treated C-3PO.  Saw Gerrera played by Whitaker has only a small role in the movie and is involved in probably the weakest scene of the entire thing.There is a lot of fan service in this movie.  Without going into spoilers, some of it works really well and some had me rolling my eyes.They used CGI to bring back two characters from the original trilogy.  One gets a lot of screen time and suffers for it, entering into the uncanny valley.  The other gets limited screen time and works a lot better.I take it by now everyone knows Vader is in the film.  And let me tell you, Rogue One has the best Vader scene in all of Star Wars IMO.  They humanized him in Jedi, but they bring back the menace full on here!I consider this a must-see.  If you're like me, the first 15-20 minutes will leave you pessimistic about the result of the movie, but it'll win you over shortly after that!… Expand The force is strong with Rogue One. After a clunky but enjoyable first act, the movie finds its true setting and continues to grow on itself. The film is written fantastically with no cheesy or cringe worthy moments which allows the moreThe force is strong with Rogue One. After a clunky but enjoyable first act, the movie finds its true setting and continues to grow on itself. The film is written fantastically with no cheesy or cringe worthy moments which allows the more mature audiences to enjoy the pacing and tone of the film. Gareth Edwards took a risk with this film by adding certain elements into it and it pays off beautifully and sets up the NOW perfect film "A NEW HOPE".… Expand Being a Star Wars fan-girl is a plus! You will enjoy this movie til the end! Some of the characters in Rogue One die off in very random paced areas in the film, but i still thoroughly loved the film! Gareth Edwards really did it for me... I was skeptical about him, because of Monsters. Now that i've seen this movie twice, and it still amazes me! Loved Donnie Yen's character Chirrut, his take on the Force has really refreshing... the chant/mantra he says will stick with me forever! "I am with the Force, and the Force with me." Fantsatic Classic to put in Best of films books of 2016!… Expand I would have to say when it comes to this movie. I got everything I ever wanted. I even got the ending I wanted. Sadly this movie does suffer from a few if not nit picks in my opinion. First off when it comes to Tarkin I feel his CGI was notI would have to say when it comes to this movie. I got everything I ever wanted. I even got the ending I wanted. Sadly this movie does suffer from a few if not nit picks in my opinion. First off when it comes to Tarkin I feel his CGI was not on par with Leias which was perfect. It would have been better if you where gonna have Tarkin in such a role to constantly have his back towards people. I felt that would have been better. The other things was some poor character development. I understand that there fates why develop the characters. Yet literally the only 2 characters from the Rogue One Squadron that I can remember was K2 and Donni Yen. Then the last thing that is the only plot hole in this movie to me at least is why are the Empire looking for Kaber Crystals. It has been cannonized that the Death Star runs off one giant kaber Crystal. So what are they scouring planets for more. Just a nit pick I know. Also there is some poor editing I know it was rushed but there are some scenes where it wasn't edited well.Other then all that I would say this movie is a 9/10 and a must see and must own on blue ray.… Expand I do think, this prequel for the original movies is much better than the recent sequel. The story actually feels worth to tell, and that is something not a lot of prequels can offer. The action and the characters hold their ground for a 2I do think, this prequel for the original movies is much better than the recent sequel. The story actually feels worth to tell, and that is something not a lot of prequels can offer. The action and the characters hold their ground for a 2 hours long movie, which (Spoiler) will have no direct sequel. But especially the end felt much to forced and kind of teinted the movie.… Expand Good story, explains stuff that people have been questioning since 1977, philosophical. Really, the worst part about this movie is the very last shot...CGI Princess Leia? Ugh...… Expand No spoilers. Rogue 1 is the true awakening of the force. While last year’s cash grab made all 6 previous movies pointless, all our favorite heroes dirty and all their sacrifices and struggle irrelevant Rogue 1 only makes original trilogyNo spoilers. Rogue 1 is the true awakening of the force. While last year’s cash grab made all 6 previous movies pointless, all our favorite heroes dirty and all their sacrifices and struggle irrelevant Rogue 1 only makes original trilogy better by explaining some important plot holes (boy how many hours did we spend with friends laughing about how stupid constructor of a Death Star must have been to build so vulnerable station – well Rogue 1 has the last laugh!).  It must have been made by true fans of everything that made original Star Wars great and not by some childish pretender who can only see the surface and doesn’t understand the essence. This movie is with The Force and The Force is with the Rogue 1. Beginning may be a bit slow for some people used to today’s action movies in which plot is only an excuse for some pointless combat but I myself prefer this kind of film structure in which first you have to learn why people do things they do. Finale on the other hand has no equal. And I’m not only referring to other Star Wars movies. It was so spectacular that I couldn’t sleep that night when I came back from the cinema. When I close my eyes I see magnificent scenes from Rogue 1. I watched original trilogy dozens of times, some scenes hundreds of times , I watched flawed prequel trilogy a lot too and it also had some good scenes, and while I will maybe never watch Force Awakens again I know that I will be rewinding Rogue 1 and watching some moments over and over again.There is nostalgia in this movie but it’s not there just to trick you into liking this movie. It’s there because it truly is real original great Star Wars movie in it’s very core, you could literally make smooth transition between last scene of Rogue 1 and first scene of New Hope and you almost wouldn’t notice that another film just started (and that’s what I’m intending to do when Rogue 1 comes out!). It’s also great standalone film. You don’t have to know anything about other Star Wars movies to enjoy it and it makes it even better for Star Wars fan. When someday I will show my child Star Wars I would now have to decide if just maybe I should start with Rogue 1.It really pains me to watch most of action movies, as often it seems that screenwriter was the worst payed person in whole crew. In Rogue 1 I would really have to search hole in whole to attack a plot. Story was really solid and could stand on its own even if it wasn’t set in Star Wars universe. As I mentioned above movie explains some questions concerning New Hope and some quite familiar characters (one in particular), we can also see even more of how tyrannical Imperial regime really was, we learn that Rebellion also isn’t a monolith but quite interesting group of people with different approaches. Humor was well placed and paced and unconstrained. It wasn’t one liner fest. I feel that every dialogue had sense and it was there for some reason. There was even one inspiring speech which actually inspired me! Usually in moments like these are tedious, but when Jyn was delivering her speech she was making sense and her arguments were convincing.Soundtrack was ok it did its job and I know it was there which I couldn’t really say about previous movie. For me Star Wars was literally a space Opera or rather space symphony. I was watching beautiful scenes with no dialogue enjoying music and sights. And Rogue 1 has that quality too. Sights are magnificent, when spaceship is flying, even in battle you can see it clearly, camera doesn’t fly like crazy, you can really see what’s going on. I don’t know if it was just me but I also really liked ship’s landing scenes or when the ship flies by I find it very aesthetic and majestic and Rogue 1 has plenty of this awe inspiring moments and also plenty of great fight scenes.Actors do a very good job, I really liked main cast a lot. Forest Whitaker was a bit overplayed, but on the other how do you not overplay a madman? Diego Luna was excellent as ruthless rebel driven by revenge, Donnie Yen was adorable human Yoda and like no other he showed us The Force really exists. After watching trailers I had many doubts to Felicity Jones as her character seemed too audacious and disrespectful with all this “I rebel!” etc. and I really want my heroes to care for what they do and be afraid to die, because if they don’t care why should I? But I was wrong, she was simply great. And she wasn’t some MaRey Sue either. I also had doubts about main villain but he was just repulsive enough to be believable and not some child’s vision of how mad space nazi would behave. CGI characters could have been made better, but I my fiance who didn’t grow up with Tarkins face said she didn’t notice he was CGI character.I can’t wait for more movies by the authors of Rogue 1 it is without a doubt the best movie of this year and I couldn’t honestly say that any of the original trilogy films is better that Rogue 1.… Expand Good film. It adds to the previous films. And I believe it is the first time in a Star Wars film the Alliance does not consist of only heroes who won't do any wrong. Suddenly, the characters are not black and white and I think it is a reallyGood film. It adds to the previous films. And I believe it is the first time in a Star Wars film the Alliance does not consist of only heroes who won't do any wrong. Suddenly, the characters are not black and white and I think it is a really nice change.… Expand This is the first time I disagree with the critics, yes. Perhaps it's not charged with fresh faces nor a complete story for the whole franchise but this is pure gold. It has more action parts than any other since the Return Of The JediThis is the first time I disagree with the critics, yes. Perhaps it's not charged with fresh faces nor a complete story for the whole franchise but this is pure gold. It has more action parts than any other since the Return Of The Jedi (1983), the chemistry is just fantastic and the plot is as well as those galaxy glory-days. This is a thing to behold. I literally (with the audience) almost cried with Rogue One's death, rebels ones and the beginning with A New Hope (1977) In my opinion it exceeds the second trilogy and it's immediately some of the best movies of 2016 (83%)… Expand loved this movie! I really was invested in the characters, and even family that weren't familiar with star wars were craving more about what happens after. Of course I pointed to episode 4. The only thing that somewhat let me down was the amount of Vader screen time, however when he finally did show up you knew sh!t just got real and was fully satisfied.… Expand Rogue One presents several new (and good) things in the saga. Be it the rebel extremism of Saw Guerrera, a kind of religious belief (in Force itself), and even the dramatic deepening in the relationship father and daughter of Jyn and GalenRogue One presents several new (and good) things in the saga. Be it the rebel extremism of Saw Guerrera, a kind of religious belief (in Force itself), and even the dramatic deepening in the relationship father and daughter of Jyn and Galen Erso. All this with great action scenes and a beautiful soundtrack by Michael Giacchino. But notorious is the ability of director Gareth Edwards to balance all this and still show respect for the original trilogy, putting scenes with easter-eggs and wonderful references. Oh, and there's Darth Vader. Amazing… Expand je suis agréablement surpris par la direction artistique du film. elle reprend tous les codes de l'épisode 4 de 1977 sans pour autant la rendre vieillissante. époustouflant, un tour de force. un petit bémol pour un personnage. les scènesje suis agréablement surpris par la direction artistique du film. elle reprend tous les codes de l'épisode 4 de 1977 sans pour autant la rendre vieillissante. époustouflant, un tour de force. un petit bémol pour un personnage. les scènes d'actions sont magnifiques, les plans sont enivrants, les clins d’œil aux top. sa pulse.je reste critique sur la qualité de la VF qui n'est pas à la hauteur (qualité d'interprétation et de production).pour la musique, je trouve qu'elle est rafraîchissante dans l'univers star wars, mais malgré un mix à la star wars, très présente, les compositions qui sont inspiré des partitions de mr JW, n'arrivent pas à imprégner le spectateur que je suis, me focalisant sur le sound design et le respect des équipes de production pour l'oeuvre originale.… Expand Thoroughly a great ride.Unless you're a repressed homosexual red-pill MRA, alt-right type, then there's no pleasing you anyway.

They'll have you believe there's some communist marxist conspiracy hidden between the lines of dialogue becauseThoroughly a great ride.Unless you're a repressed homosexual red-pill MRA, alt-right type, then there's no pleasing you anyway.They'll have you believe there's some communist marxist conspiracy hidden between the lines of dialogue because they're mom-hating weaboo spackers and secret sexual deviants.Remember folks, anyone that far to the right usually has something unsavory to hide and clearly a lot of time on their hands to put up fake reviews with 20 different aliases.This is how they make themselves useful to the universe.… Expand Excelente filme. Não o considero como Spin-Off , pois ele pode muito bem ser chamado de Star Wars 3.5. Um filme cheio de ação e com efeitos especiais simplismente fantásticos. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story é um filme sensacional que vale aExcelente filme. Não o considero como Spin-Off , pois ele pode muito bem ser chamado de Star Wars 3.5. Um filme cheio de ação e com efeitos especiais simplismente fantásticos. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story é um filme sensacional que vale a pena assistir.… Expand A definitely top tier Star Wars movie. It gives you plenty of new characters to fall in love with in the Star Wars universe while plenty of returning characters for your nostalgia. I love the work on Moff Tarkin, I swear it was Peter CushingA definitely top tier Star Wars movie. It gives you plenty of new characters to fall in love with in the Star Wars universe while plenty of returning characters for your nostalgia. I love the work on Moff Tarkin, I swear it was Peter Cushing back from the dead. A recommend, especially for the Star Wars fan.… Expand People are unbelievable with their ratings.  Force Awakens was a joke.  This movie is true to the Star Wars saga. I hope Disney keeps this Director for all future Star Wars movies. The only flaw I saw in this movie was Orson Krennic whosePeople are unbelievable with their ratings.  Force Awakens was a joke.  This movie is true to the Star Wars saga. I hope Disney keeps this Director for all future Star Wars movies. The only flaw I saw in this movie was Orson Krennic whose acting and speech pattern was a bit silly. Other than that, the movie was awesome!… Expand Out of all the star wars movie this is the best one yet.The best bit was the Darth Vader scen absolutely epic, i dont understand why this movie has a low sore,this movie deserves a solid 10.… Expand OK at first I almost walked out of the movie due to the fact that it was very slow paced but after the first 20 minutes or so it was fantastic fast as lightning and super fun full of adventure action and laughs was really glad with my choiceOK at first I almost walked out of the movie due to the fact that it was very slow paced but after the first 20 minutes or so it was fantastic fast as lightning and super fun full of adventure action and laughs was really glad with my choice to stay had a blast watching it a absolute must see for the holiday season good family choice as well… Expand This film got almost everything right.  The plot, special effects, and dialogue are all exceptional.  The one and only complaint that I had when watching this movie was that there were too many operations going on at once, and too many characters were introduced to be killed off within two hours.  All in all, this is a great film, the one Star Wars fans have been waiting for.… Expand Rogue One is a film with plenty of imperfections, but is still an outstanding Star Wars experience when taken as a whole. In this way, it is the most natural addition to the franchise since Return of the Jedi. Uneven pacing and plot holesRogue One is a film with plenty of imperfections, but is still an outstanding Star Wars experience when taken as a whole. In this way, it is the most natural addition to the franchise since Return of the Jedi. Uneven pacing and plot holes haunt the legacy of every Star Wars film (even The Empire Strikes Back), yet these stories endure because of unparalleled visual imagination and an unbreakably strong human element. Director Gareth Edwards and writers Gary Whitta and John Knoll all understood this. Combined with intense passion as both artists and Star Wars fans, they sought to create an offbeat tale within the mythos that proved that not every ounce of brand value comes from epic heroes combating the forces of evil with laser swords. In that respect and many others, the production team crushed expectations.For the uninitiated (if there are any left), Rogue One is an ensemble war film, centered on acquiring the Death Star plans. It isn’t intended to be optimistic and colorful like a typical Star Wars movie. The atmosphere is grim, depicting a galaxy drained of hope by an oppressive fascist dictator. Here the rebels have to walk on eggshells, working from the shadows to make calculated strikes at the Empire. As a result, the scale is somewhat smaller in this adventure and significantly more personal. Dialog is sharp, carefully representing a small team at odds with themselves. However, there is a surprising amount of levity in the script to offset the otherwise bleak narrative. In particular, Alan Tudyk’s portrayal of the sarcastic droid K-2SO steals the show. Though Ben Mendelsohn as the self-absorbed Director Krennic and Diego Luna as the morally conflicted Cassian Andor also turn in memorable performances. Yet acting of any quality is no substitute for a compelling plot, which is where Rogue One occasionally loses steam. The first act of the story jumps around liberally, putting crucial details in jeopardy of being lost to all but the most attentive viewers. In the second act, the story grinds to a halt so the female lead can fulfill her arc. It is also where one or two subplots are entirely dropped, leading to unnecessary confusion about the state of a crucial character. In the final act, the story picks up again and ties up every loose end with extraordinary diligence. Rogue One has arguably the most comprehensive and satisfying finale to any Star Wars narrative, including the entire gamut of expanded canon. It is also worth noting that even if the pacing is uneven, virtually nothing is out of context. Contrary to the insultingly shallow exposition of The Force Awakens, everything in Rogue One has a substantial visual or verbal explanation. It helps reinforce the plight of the team and flesh out the world they inhabit. Also, the attention to detail ensures Rogue One will be a pleasure to watch for years to come.To that end, there is an item in Rogue One that will serve as a discussion piece both immediately and well into the future. In the film, a certain character from the original trilogy is recreated with the use of CGI. This is not merely a cameo, he is a fully functional cast member. His likeness, mannerisms and voice were entirely reproduced to fill a role. While it has handled with the utmost taste, the actor in question has been dead for over two decades. This sets a dangerous precedent not just for Star Wars, but for the future of filmmaking. Hollywood is desperate enough to remake any film from yesteryear, though now they can also remake people. While currently a gimmick with frightening potential, these techniques could one day become a crutch to the creatively bankrupt. Hopefully Lucasfilm and Disney discourage widespread adoption of this approach.Beyond that ethical quandary and a few missteps, Rogue One needs little improvement. A director’s cut of the film with touched up editing would address the vast majority of complaints. The first act could slow its breakneck pace and add a bit more articulation to each action sequence. Cut content could be added back into the film to minimize the confusion caused by the dead ends in subplots. Perhaps a few more establishing shots on the tropical planet of Scariff would better emphasize how visually diverse and interesting it is from other locales in the Star Wars universe. Certainly the score could be more melodic, even if Michael Giacchino did do a phenomenal job emulating John Williams. Overall, the next freelancer artists to tackle a Star Wars film need to take risks. If Rogue One is the barometer for future installments however, there is little reason to be concerned.… Expand It may be that the first part of the movie seems a little boring, simple but it improves every time the movie is progressing and also has one of the most epic battles ever seen in the star wars franchise. Is mandatory and recommended for star wars fans.It be imperfect and whit some mistakes but ends up being very good and entertaining movie . I give it 7.5 good… Expand Is movie fits perfectly into the Star Wars film line. Being a prequel to A New Hope, it had a lot to live up too, the film did not disappoint. The action and CGI were amazing. The only problem I had with the movie is that some of theIs movie fits perfectly into the Star Wars film line. Being a prequel to A New Hope, it had a lot to live up too, the film did not disappoint. The action and CGI were amazing. The only problem I had with the movie is that some of the characters were not as memorable as The Force Awakens. But all the other pros make any cons seem like nothing.… Expand This was an exhilarating and emotional roller coaster - not 'fun' as such,  and some of the characterisation is sketchy. However it has a surprisingly authentic war film vibe and is seemingly uncompromising by concerns of 'Disneyfication' -This was an exhilarating and emotional roller coaster - not 'fun' as such,  and some of the characterisation is sketchy. However it has a surprisingly authentic war film vibe and is seemingly uncompromising by concerns of 'Disneyfication' - some of this is bold and brutal, especially the third act. This gives me hope for future standalone instalments.… Expand This movie was a big surprise.  Wasn't expecting much.  Liked the characters a lot.  The story was well told and the use of CGI for some characters from previous movies was very cool.  It makes Star Wars A New Hope even better.  It was myThis movie was a big surprise.  Wasn't expecting much.  Liked the characters a lot.  The story was well told and the use of CGI for some characters from previous movies was very cool.  It makes Star Wars A New Hope even better.  It was my favorite movie of 2016.  I admit to be being a star wars fan, but I am impartial enough to say that the prequels (except for this one) were generally terrible.The movie explains a lot, including how the empire could make a death star weapon with an exposed flaw.  It also explains perfectly the plot of A New Hope.… Expand I give Rogue One a 10; perhaps it is a bit generous as I have been praying for a darker Star Wars movie for a long time (incidentally, about the same time I discovered Knights of the Old Republic). The casting was excellent, and I can't really think of a major flaw worthy of taking a mark down on the score. Of course, those who cry that their favorite characters died at the end of a good movie will find plenty of reason to go from 10 to 0 real quick, it was to be expected considering you never see or hear of these characters after this event in the Star Wars universe. I mean seriously, guys, Star Wars itself ought to have a dark side, too. On a more technical note, the soundtrack fit really well, the pacing felt right and flowed naturally to me, the cast was great (especially Donnie Yen), and I did feel a certain tension and excitement to see it through to the end. I've mulled it over since seeing it last night and this movie did what Star Wars has needed to do for awhile: take a chance, a risk; Star Wars needed to branch off from showy lightsaber duels and bland character development and be rich, explore ambitions, explain stories and give viewers a reason to care. It did just that, hence many of the negative reviews for having killed off most of the cast by the end. Turns out, not everyone can handle a darker Star Wars, but if that's what you've been after for years like many others, you should not miss this movie. It only scratches the surface on what Star Wars movie producers and directors need to do, but it's a start and a pretty good start, too.… Expand Star Wars: Rogue One Google ImageRogue One is everything you would expect from the 8th instalment of the Star Wars saga.We have incredible CGI and special effects that make this epic film larger than life. Fast paced space and ground battles with all the necessary trimmings and space troopers galore. Not to mention the funny android with an attitude problem and more personality than most humans. It is all there.The music score is very much in line with the series, yet still unique in its own way. This only adds to the overall feeling and knowledge that this is a self contained movie.The opening of Rogue One departs from the big score and introduction scrolling across the screen. I found this part a tiny bit disappointing - it is kind of a Star Wars thing after all. Even I know that, and admittedly I don't know much. The StorySet between Episode III and IV Rogue One tells the story of a band of rebels who are trying to get the plans for the Death Star. They are lead by Jyn Erso, who is the daughter of Galen Erso, the man who reluctantly developed the machine.During the construction Galen had secretly built in a weak spot at the core, hoping that the rebellion would be able to destroy the deadly weapon before the Empire had a chance to use it.His wish did not exactly come true, because the evil Orson Krennic uses it to destroy Jedha City in order to show its power to the Empirial Senat. This makes the task at hand all the more urgent and the rebels are prepared to sacrifice everything to complete their mission.The final showdown happens on the planet Scarif where the plans are stored. Star Wars fans who have been with the franchise for a while will probably know or at least guess the outcome of the movie. In my opinion that does not take anything away from the glory of watching it all happen in such a spectacular fashion on the big screen in 3D.Sequel yes / no?Rogue One is a stand alone movie but rumours continue to linger that there may be works in the pipeline to continue the story. I guess only time will tell. It is a very profitable franchise after all, so nothing is really unthinkable.Disney revamped the Star Wars tale with The Force Awakens in 2015. They are currently working to get the chapter of that out in 2017. If the trend continues then the next movies after that is not due until 2019, which leaves the perfect open spot in 2018 for something else. But that is just speculation on my part. Final thoughtsI have never been a Star Wars fan. To tell the truth the first movie in the franchise I ever saw was Episode I, and that only partly. I watched it years ago and the only part I remembered is the pod race. The first Star Wars movie I consciously watched was indeed The Force Awakens last year. After watching Rogue One now I am determined to make a marathon session over Christmas out of watching the entire series in one go. I will be off work for a few days, so that will give me the perfect opportunity to do that.There are two reasons for that. First is my newfound appreciation for the story. And secondly there is the knowledge that I am missing the overall picture. I can't really place any of the events around those two movies within the timeframe of the entire story. As I am certain, that there will be more films coming and I am also certain that I am going to watch them, I want to be able to see the whole picture when I do that.… Expand For the first time since the so unloved Prelogy, when I left the theater, I had that feeling, you know, that little feeling you have when you just saw a Star Wars Movie, I loved it, I really did, let me elaborate on this.1-The movie's purpose. I've always wondered how could a weapon as extraordinary as the death star have a flaw in it, and most importantly, how could the empire be unaware of it, Finally I have my answer.2-The Ironic Drama, following characters and getting attached to them knowing that they will die at the end of the movie, that is so cruel, so raw, and that makes the rebellion's values so much greater, those people went on a suicide mission, they fought, they killed, and they died for something they won't be able to experience, Freedom.3-The planets, we saw so many different environnement, so beautiful landscapes, so wonderful scenes, Visually, it was really beautiful, we experienced the diversity that defines Star Wars, the creativity that characterized Lucas'saga.4-Darth Vader, the first scene could be considered as rubbish fan-service, but the second one, had a purpose, directly link Rogue One to Ep IV, which makes it its direct prequel, that makes sense, plus THAT SCENE WAS MARVELOUS, when I saw Vader Killing those rebels, I had an orgasm.5-The Force as A religion, The Force is with me and I'm One With the force, replace Force by "god", and you know what Chirrut is, A Badass Priest, He believed in the force when no one else did, the way he and Baze (which on the contrary was skeptical, but chose to believe when he saw his friend die) was really touching. 6-CGI, it was nearly perfect, Grand Moff Tarkin was, and he always will be (until ep IV ..), I loved the droid, really funny, and cynical.What I didn't like about the movie is the development of some the characters, Jyn, Andor and the relation between Galen and Krennicshould have been more developed, and I would have loved seeing General Akbar leading the fleet.Rogue One was a good movie, and a great Star Wars. and that makes Ep VII look even worse. Ep VII could have been much better if Disney didn't force JJ to do it before 2016.Anyway, May The Force Be With You!… Expand I'm a die-hard Star Wars fan. I had really high hopes for this movie, especially since I also really liked The Force Awakens, and to be honest, this was a good movie, but not as good as I expected. The first act of this movie really hadI'm a die-hard Star Wars fan. I had really high hopes for this movie, especially since I also really liked The Force Awakens, and to be honest, this was a good movie, but not as good as I expected. The first act of this movie really had problems with the pacing. I wanted to see more deeply into the characters, and see what their personalities were like. It would have been also cool if they had back stories too, but the characters just feel forced in to me, without much characterization of them, which is really sloppy pacing to me. However, the 2nd and 3rd acts were much better in my opinion. We got a great storyline that connects to A New Hope, and there were some amazing emotional scenes as well. I also gotta admit that K-2SO's jokes had me laughing. Where the movie really stands out to me however is the 3rd act. We got some amazing battles, both in the galaxy and on the beach too. It was nice seeing all these things from previous Star Wars movies come back. The graphics were really nice too. So yeah, overall, not my favorite Star Wars movie, but it was certainly not bad. It has flaws, especially in the first act with the pacing, but I can forgive that because of the great storyline that conflicts with the characters and how the storyline connects to a New Hope, the hilarious jokes and emotional heartbreaking scenes, and the extremely amazing battles in the 3rd act. So overall, I'd recommend this Star Wars movie. I'm giving it a B and a 7/10.… Expand This film is the first in the series of Star Wars Anthology films which are basically side-stories which don't necessarily follow the plot of the main series (good vs evil). This movie does feel different to the main series but still keepsThis film is the first in the series of Star Wars Anthology films which are basically side-stories which don't necessarily follow the plot of the main series (good vs evil). This movie does feel different to the main series but still keeps the Star Wars essence in there which was great as that was exactly what the movie was opting for and it was achieved well.The movie lives up to the title of 'Star Wars' quite literally unlike the other films; we see lots of galactic warfare not seen in any other Star Wars film before. The film is also shot with lots of handheld-cam which gives a 'warzone'-type feel to it which I liked.Other sides of the galaxy that aren't focused on in the main series are shown in this movie, showing other sides of the Empire and how they operate outside of destroying Rebels. It also shows how life is for regular people who aren't getting caught up in the war mess which helps to capture the feel of this being one big universe with many things going on inside it other than the story of the Skywalkers.Felicity Jones was good as the lead character Jyn Erso; her character was explored well and was good to root for. There were some members of the supporting cast that stood out, the droid K-2SO with its charisma and the force-sensitive guy too. However the others, while nice to have around, didn't really receive much development and felt quite one-dimensional at times. I also found many characters to be under-used like Forest Whitaker's character for example who I think should've played a bigger part in the story and was necessary for a lot more of it I believe.This movie blew me away visually; this has got to be one of the best-looking movies I have seen in a long time. It is absolutely outstanding to look at and I would happily have any image from this film as a screensaver or wallpaper. The CGI is also mind-blowing; there are a few characters who appeared in the original who were recreated with CGI in this film but it honestly looks amazing. You'll likely forget that the Special Edition ever existed.The thing I probably loved the most about this film was the final act and ending and how it all tied together with the rest of the trilogy. I won't go into spoilers but I just have to say it was absolutely great and there was no better way to end the film.I was quite disappointed by the lack of screen time from Darth Vader. If he hadn't been shown in the trailers and used as marketing then I probably would've been less annoyed by his short appearance but he could've easily been used in more of the story. However, he felt truly like his character in the scenes he was in and only said things his character would say and not rubbish like "NOOO!!!!". Let's just forget that line was ever spoken.The references to other Star Wars films were great and fit in very well and I couldn't stop myself from smiling multiple times. It just goes to show that this material is in the hands of people who understand how much these films mean to many.I personally prefer The Force Awakens over this movie because even though Force Awakens reused the plot of the original film, it brought many new things like great acting, well-developed characters, emotion and great environments. This film had an original plot but didn't do as well as Force Awakens did in terms of characters and emotion.Overall, this was a pretty decent movie with amazing visuals, a good lead character and also great references to other Star Wars films. My only issues were lack of character development for some of the supporting characters and that some of the characters were under-used in my opinion like Forest Whitaker's character and Darth Vader. This film has made me intrigued to see more of the anthology films and I hope they'll expand the universe more like this movie did.7.7/10… Expand This is a Star Wars Movie that shows the true power of the Dark Side of the Force!This is a Star Wars Movie that shows the true power of the Dark Side of the Force!    -lORD vADER… Expand What an astonishing film! Rogue One is not only in the second place of the best Star Wars film ever created, after Episode IV And V, but one of the most epic movies ever filmed. Long shots and beautiful shot angles that reminds PeterWhat an astonishing film! Rogue One is not only in the second place of the best Star Wars film ever created, after Episode IV And V, but one of the most epic movies ever filmed. Long shots and beautiful shot angles that reminds Peter Jackson's The Lord Of The Rings, epic music-score, fantastic battle sequences, great humor, incredible cinematography, amazing characters and a very emotional end. Rogue Ones last 5 minutes is one of the best endings in cinema history. Is a cinematic wonder that easily earns the title of the best movie of the 2016 and one of the best sci-fi/fantasy films in cinema world!… Expand This is what the Force Awakens should have been. The action sequences are incomparably better than any other in the previous movie. The story line is also way more original, showing other aspects of the rebel alliance. I only felt theThis is what the Force Awakens should have been. The action sequences are incomparably better than any other in the previous movie. The story line is also way more original, showing other aspects of the rebel alliance. I only felt the characters werent developed very well.… Expand Related media: The three prequels have been quite soulless, as the actors had to act opposite green screens most of the time, while The Force Awakens (TFA) was a great disappointment as it heavily ripped off A New Hope (ANH). Check out myRelated media: The three prequels have been quite soulless, as the actors had to act opposite green screens most of the time, while The Force Awakens (TFA) was a great disappointment as it heavily ripped off A New Hope (ANH). Check out my review of the latter, if you can find it.>What's Rogue One (RO) like?: Story-wise, it's like other past films where the protagonists had to risk their lives to infiltrate the opposite side so as to steal something, except that here, there are also spaceships and lasers... It was better than TFA, but it also has several problems. >Pros: >1. TFA broke many of the conventions and principles behind how The Force works and how things work in general! For no apparent reason, Rey knew how to pilot a complex spaceship and how to fight with a lightsaber without having been trained on either task beforehand. (This is all down to JJ Abrams. On Star Trek (2009) it was inspiring, but Into Darkness and TFA just made me question his destructive creativity. His earlier films were also quite unruly. I've decided to never watch his films again.)  RO avoids this by not invoking the use of the force that often. Most events made sense. This film is a fitting addition to the Star Wars Expanded Universe.>2. The battle scene on Scarif was nice. >Cons:>1. RO is only slightly better than TFA. The story is less contrived than in TFA. However, it was still rather ridiculous that our heroes need to travel to so many places and to go through so many hoops to get the jobs done. Some parts seemed drawn out. >2. Apart from Jyn, the other main characters were not developed sufficiently, in the rush to show the action scenes. >3. The actor playing Commander Krennic seemed to be over-acting, all the time. He was unnecessarily angry and devilish all of the time.>4. The CGI in this film has some significant flaws. The Star Destroyers look like Lego pieces when in front of a bright background, while the fully computer-generated Grand Moff Tarkin looked... computer-generated. The eyes! You have to sort out the problem with the static eyes!  The production had $200m and these problems were not solved?>5. I thought the destruction of Alderaan in ANH was the first time the Death Star fired its main laser and destroyed a planet? In ANH, Grand Moff Tarkin said, “Princess Leia, before your execution, I’d like you to join me for a ceremony that will make this battle station operational… In a way, you have determined the choice of the planet that is to be destroyed FIRST. Since you are reluctant to provide us with the location of the Rebel base, I have chosen to test this station's destructive power on your home planet of Alderaan.” Furthermore, Obi-Wan only felt the pain from the destruction of Alderaan and not from any moon or planet before that. The firing of the main laser in RO was not mere a test. Has this film created a continuity error? >6. The new musical score was a strange and horrible choice. The score rises to a crescendo in a haphazard way and then abruptly drops and goes all over the place. Which inexperienced composer was hired to do this? A Golden Raspberry Award is coming up.> 7. There was no need to show Leia at the end of RO. (It is not a spoiler that she's coming up next in ANH.) The CGI was inadequate and the scene should have been left out.>How would the different age groups rate it?Children: ExcellentTeenagers: ExcellentYoung adults: ExcellentMedium age adults: GoodOld adults: Average.My rating: 4/5 (no half scores). It's worth it pay to watch it in the cinemas.… Expand Who: Felicity Jones, a Spanish guy, and Charles Jefferson as, Saw GerreraWhat: Another reason for butt-hurt Warcraft fans to leave their basement, wash the cheetoh dust from their hands, and trash a movie that is actually pretty greatWhere:Who: Felicity Jones, a Spanish guy, and Charles Jefferson as, Saw GerreraWhat: Another reason for butt-hurt Warcraft fans to leave their basement, wash the cheetoh dust from their hands, and trash a movie that is actually pretty greatWhere: A Galaxy Far, Far, AwayWhen (Can I watch this movie again): If you like Star Wars, any time. If you don't...you're the worst type of person.Why: While Episode 7 was very divisive among fans, this movie stays true to the intentions of the original trilogy and delivers what it promised.… Expand The only thing I didn't like a bit that the characters died... Besides that, the movie was great, and maybe it's as good as The Empire Strikes Back!Rogue One is better than The Force Awakens, Disney has learned their lesson (The Force Awakens is good too, but I agree that it was kinda like "A New Hope II").However, I miss one thing from the new Star Wars movies: "calm parts", when there is no running away from enemies and things like that, namely when there is no action (the best example is when Yoda is teaching Luke in The Empire Strikes Back)...After all, I'm hyped for the upcoming Star Wars movies!… Expand This movie wants to be a more serious character driven movie (for the first 1/2 to 2/3), but without any memorable characters except one sidekick with not enough screen time. Being a prequel also saps some of the potential drama. You knowThis movie wants to be a more serious character driven movie (for the first 1/2 to 2/3), but without any memorable characters except one sidekick with not enough screen time. Being a prequel also saps some of the potential drama. You know mostly how things will end up. The action at the end saves the movie, pushing it into watchable territory, but without the emotional payoff it was trying so hard to achieve. The only reason you care about any of it is because of the knowledge of the better movies that come after. Rogue One seems to accept this, and is liberally sprinkled with references to those movies as a substitute to fleshing out its own plot or characters.… Expand Tied with my 2nd favorite star wars film (a new hope). Empire strikes back is still my fav. Anyway, this movie is nearly flawless, but most its cast is forgettable/serviceable. The only two stand-out performances were a robot and Chirrut ImweTied with my 2nd favorite star wars film (a new hope). Empire strikes back is still my fav. Anyway, this movie is nearly flawless, but most its cast is forgettable/serviceable. The only two stand-out performances were a robot and Chirrut Imwe (as portrayed by the fantastic Donnie Yen). Definitely a great movie.… Expand I liked this movie.Yes, it was 'Star Wars,' with the series' expected pros and cons. And, likewise, 'Rogue One' was a *movie,* with the expected cliches and embellishments. That said, however, this 'Star Wars' movie was, in my opinion, aI liked this movie.Yes, it was 'Star Wars,' with the series' expected pros and cons. And, likewise, 'Rogue One' was a *movie,* with the expected cliches and embellishments. That said, however, this 'Star Wars' movie was, in my opinion, a pleasing one, both in terms of entertainment value and as an interesting, satisfying story.Though, for me the movie's true appeal was in the wisdom that lay beneath the theater and images. That is, I felt that there was some *truth* written between the film's lines, of a rare, quality kind that carries over into the real world. For that reason, 'Rogue One' is, I believe, a "good" movie.I don't see many film, literally just one a year (if that). As it were, 'Rogue One' was the one I saw this year, and I don't regret it.My sincere thanks goes out to all who worked to produce this movie. I am grateful for, and have benefited from, your time and service. Keep it up!… Expand 