I feel like people are rating this highly just to try to get revenge on reviewers. Unfortunately for them, the reviewers are right. This is a very poor film. Thin, predictable plot, uninteresting villain, equally uninteresting characters theI feel like people are rating this highly just to try to get revenge on reviewers. Unfortunately for them, the reviewers are right. This is a very poor film. Thin, predictable plot, uninteresting villain, equally uninteresting characters the majority of whom barely get any kind of backstory beyond a few lines, implausible plot even for comic book movie standards. I don't care about the money I lost but I'd love to have the time I spent watching this garbage back.… Expand Wow, that was bad. I mean I didn't expect something extraordinary but at least on par with stupid, but charismatic and fun Guardian of the Galaxy. Yet they somehow wasted all potential and create some mess.1. Characters supposed to be bad,Wow, that was bad. I mean I didn't expect something extraordinary but at least on par with stupid, but charismatic and fun Guardian of the Galaxy. Yet they somehow wasted all potential and create some mess.1. Characters supposed to be bad, ugly and interesting. But ones that actually somehow interesting are Deadshot, Harley and El Diablo. Others just kinda there, doing stuff. Japanese girl, Slipknot (haha, at least he had a story-wise purpose), marines, Croc, Boomerang (wtf? boomerang? seriously?) and even Joker could be easily removed from the movie.2. Bad guys are just... there. As you could imagine they bad, they ugly (and a bit sexy), they try to destroy world (for some reason) and produce zombie-like minions. Yep, that again. They even didn't forgot to add giant portal in the sky.3. Plot is clunky inconsistent and plain stupid. Most interesting part is actually introduction of the characters in first part of the movie, down from there it's just mess. I tried to enjoy this movie, I really did. But it's just not good, it's not fun, it's not smart, not ironic - it's average at best.… Expand Day 1 and the DC fans are out in full force creating multiple accounts to spam 10s for a movie they probably haven't seen. Click on 95% of a '10' score and notice how the account only has ONE movie reviewed. You think they would at least remember their log ins to they can reuse them for BvS, Wonder Woman and all the future DC movies but I guess when your creating temp accounts all day that's too much work. Not even a week in and this movie has twice as many positive reviews than a movie like Furious 7, that was received well A YEAR AGO.  Keep struggling to get those user scores up, boys.Aside from the poor pacing, bad editing, so-so acting and spotty story telling, let me give you some reasons why this movie has glaring issues that fans don't want to admit to.This movie is a perfect example of writing the story to fit the scenes that are needed, besides writing the scenes that are needed for the story.  Here's just a couple examples?We need to have Batman in this movie and show that Deadshot is a family man:  Batman attacks Deadshot and his daughter in an ally and then says he doesn't want to "do this" in front of his daughter.  Deadshot pulls a gun and aims it AT HIS DAUGHTER and Batman stands there with a little girl between him and a bullet.  A failure on all levels.We need to show the pyro gang-banger is a changed man:  Have him stand in the middle of a fight and do nothing to show he's a pacifist.  Luckily no creatures attack him so he doesn't have to fight back.  Then the very next fight have some one provoke him into fighting.  Mission accomplished.. I guess.We need to remind everyone that Katana is a good guy:  So she talks to her sword so Rick Flag can explain that the dead soul of her husband is in that sword.  Great.We need to show The Joker is ruthless and unstable.  How about a club seen with Common not really hitting on Harley, but the Joker goes berzerk in an entire scene that makes no sense what-so-ever.  And why are the Joker and his thugs all gang-bangers?We need to show that Amanda Waller is a back stabber and can't be trusted:  How about we have her kill her entire team of technicians for absolutely no reason. "They didn't have the clearance for this"  For what? Their jobs?  Huh?My favorite:  We need to have a end credit scene with Batman leading into Justice League:  Have Bruce Wayne approach the coldest most ruthless woman in the world and ask for a list of meta humans.  She figures out he's Batman, of course.  Smooth move "Greatest Detective."  Why didn't he just steal the information and remain anonymous?  Better yet, didn't he get this information already from Wonder Woman in BvS?Many character got 2 introductions and a special flashback just to bring on the 'feels" but it all felt jarring and took us out of the action.  I didn't know a movie could have ADD.Due to all the exposition and origin stories needed the movie felt crowded and rushed.  That's the downside of rushing into the team up movies in a shared universe with all new characters.  They had 7+ characters to explain. Did they all need origins? Too bad there weren't previous movies to do that ahead of time. They tried something different than Marvel's slow and steady method and it's starting to show cracks in the DCEU foundation.And the biggest one: Why is a Suicide Squad even needed.  This is a world were we see the Flash and Batman exist IN THE SAME MOVIE! The world is being destroyed and these heroes do nothing about it?  And why would a handful of untrustworthy thugs with knives, boomerangs, bats and claws be better than some highly trained and well-armed soldiers?  They even had some soldiers in the Squad to keep them in check so why bother bringing the bad guys?  Because that story need to happen.Why was the Squad being formed in the first place?  What was the mission?  By the time they are being selected, Enchantress goes rogue and they are used to stop her.  So why were they formed in the first place?  To fight a possible "bad" superman-like meta human?  What are a bunch of non-meta humans with guns, boomerangs and bats going to do against a real meta human?  The only Squaddies worth their weight were Deadshot and Diablo.  Why don't you ask any of the good guys in that list you gave Bruce Wayne, Amanda Waller?  Because this story needed to happen.Now let's talk about the worst Joker we've ever seen on screen.  This is a buff Joker with tats all over, "Damaged" written across his forehead and a metal grill in his mouth!  Really!?!  The Joker can't even speak or laugh menacingly due to all the metal in his mouth. DC fans are content with this?  It's like they have been starving so long for a DC cinematic universe they will devour anything that's put in front of them.  The opening weekend will be record breaking... the movies will break even... and WB will learn nothing from their mistakes.… Expand Terrible! Don't watch it! Waste your money on building a fence around your house to lock movies like this one out. I don't even know where to start... a Joker that cares about money... cars and expensive rings? WTF...? Seriously?? Did theTerrible! Don't watch it! Waste your money on building a fence around your house to lock movies like this one out. I don't even know where to start... a Joker that cares about money... cars and expensive rings? WTF...? Seriously?? Did the director even bother to read one comic?… Expand The best part of this movie is the soundtrack.  Jared Leto's joker is a teenage tryhard disappointment (including the 'damaged' tattoo). Will smith is boring and not believable as his character. The jokes are forced and unfunny. Save yourThe best part of this movie is the soundtrack.  Jared Leto's joker is a teenage tryhard disappointment (including the 'damaged' tattoo). Will smith is boring and not believable as his character. The jokes are forced and unfunny. Save your time and money, wait until it's free to watch this overhyped let-down.… Expand This movie lives up to it's name, and commits seppuku in regard to plot, script, and immersion.  Making this a PG-13 was Warner & DC's second greatest mistake.  Tapping Ayer for both writing and directing seems to have been their first.  ThisThis movie lives up to it's name, and commits seppuku in regard to plot, script, and immersion.  Making this a PG-13 was Warner & DC's second greatest mistake.  Tapping Ayer for both writing and directing seems to have been their first.  This is the same style of schizophrenic nonsense that plagued Superman: DoJ, where the movie cannot decide what it is supposed to be.  Even the music, characterization, and fight scenes are corrupted by the random thoughs that were slapped together, and tossed at the screen.  The most disappointing thing about this entire fiasco, is that we quickly see they converted the so-called criminals into misunderstood people, leaving us with no badguys/gals in the entire Suicide Squad.  By the end you will be wondering if Disney secretly took over Warner, and taught them the art of paint-by-numbers movies. Largest disappointment since the other DC movies (even Killing Joke is better than this) of 2016.… Expand This movie is not a good movie or a well made movie it is a bad movie. I can see how dc fans can find enjoyment watching their favorite heroes on the big screen but when they say this is a good well made movie they are wrong. The movieThis movie is not a good movie or a well made movie it is a bad movie. I can see how dc fans can find enjoyment watching their favorite heroes on the big screen but when they say this is a good well made movie they are wrong. The movie suffers from countless writing flaws and studio interference's. there is too much **** in this movie to even try to explain it all in under 5000 words so I will tell it too you straight the critics got it right. This movie is terrible it is not well made it is terribly written and terribly edited. The only things I enjoyed in this whole film was will smith but even then I was just watching Will Smith play Will Smith. The only part of the movie where I thought that was cool was when deadshot was on the car shooting the waves of enemies. The villain is trying to learn to dance. She wants to do something evil ... kill us bases I have no clue. They have to use a flashback text images and a voice over just to explain who a character is. At the end of the movie nothing changed. The only character or story that changed or grew at all was the one who died. The joker did not even need to be in the movie save me the torture. Nothing was funny in the movie there was one person who laughed in my cinema. The music felt forced and stupid. It made me cringe who hard dc was trying to make this gotg. The ending fight scene is worse than fan4stick. The editing looks like it was done but a 5 year old. That does not even cover everything that was bad in this movie. I was going to give this a 4/10 but after thinking about it does not even deserve that. I had my expectations lowered so much I did not expect this movie to be worse than my expectations. If you enjoyed this movie good for you but you can not tell me that this movie was a well made movie you are plain and simply wrong.… Expand Oh boy! Ohhhh boy!!  Suicide Squad has to be one of the worst movies of the year. Suicide Squad is directed by David Ayer (who is usually good) and stars Will Smith, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman along with a host of other good actors. The problems with Suicide Squad starts with the plot. The original comic's had the villains carrying out political murders and other types of covert operations. They were NOT saving the world from a witch thing and her CGI brother. I guess it would have been okay if the villain was a well thought out character. Instead, we're "treated" to little character development and a clíche evil plan. Not to mention the villain looks like she's hula dancing 50% of the time. It takes the ending of "Ghostbusters", "The Amazing Spider-Man" and countless other films by going with the whole "beam into the sky" thing. The film also feels the need to have an exposition dump at the beginning of the film in the sloppiest way possible. They should've just showed us files on each the character. Oh. Wait. That's what they did!! They literally opened files and gave us basic info on several of the characters. Only the important ones. The other members received nothing which didn't really matter because one of them got killed in five minutes anyway. However, Katana didn't die probably because she never did anything at all. No development besides knowing her husband's soul is inside her sword. The soundtrack isn't even that good. It's like listening to the Top 50 charts for three hours. Finally, we get to the acting. It's all decent. Viola Davis gives the only great performance as Amanda Waller (a pretty scary one as well). Will Smith and Margot Robbie are both good, but Smith is just charismatic. It's not like he's that great playing the actual character. Robbie doesn't steal the show as many people thought she would. I think it has to do with the fact that Joker is in the movie for about 15 minutes. That's right. We were teased for a year that he would be a big part of the film and he's hardly in it. From what I say, Leto is okay, but not great. The big problem is the portrayal of his and Harley Quinn's relationship. It could've have been a great dynamic, but they cut out the part of the relationship where Harley grovels for attention, and Joker abuses her. It would've have provided a much needed dynamic that we never got. Instead, the director pretty much asked you to sympathize with Joker when he lost his girlfriend to prison. In the end Suicide Squad is a huge mess. Bad writing, a poor plot and only decent acting make it another failure in the DCEU. It could've have been fresh, strange and fun, but instead it devolves into a clíche ridden disaster. I give it a 1/10. Save your money and go buy a DVD disc of The Dark Knight.… Expand A dishonest movie, directed, shot and finally edited as if it was a long trailer, showing off cool characters. It does not even try to provide a coherent story, to link the different scenes together or to explain the characters' choices. AA dishonest movie, directed, shot and finally edited as if it was a long trailer, showing off cool characters. It does not even try to provide a coherent story, to link the different scenes together or to explain the characters' choices. A mess nobody should watch.… Expand Stupid movie. The actors are terrible with the Enchantress being the worst. There is no chemistry. There is no charisma, hell, there is not much of a story.This version of the joker is the worst and that's including ALL the jokers, fromStupid movie. The actors are terrible with the Enchantress being the worst. There is no chemistry. There is no charisma, hell, there is not much of a story.This version of the joker is the worst and that's including ALL the jokers, from comics to cartoons to movies, ever. He actually does a Phyllis Diller laugh (a female comedian from the 50's). If you don't believe me, check her out on YouTube.I think this is one of the most black-washed, violently racist movie I have seen in a while. The absolute worst, and the performance that made me lose all respect for him, came from Will Smith. I love the guy and have most of his films. When he took a gun and pointed it at a white cops head, in this time of real life death, where blacks are killing whites because of the color of their skins, for him to do this is unforgivable. He is a role model. Does he agree with the killing and violence? I guess so. Remember, this is a movie. That cop could have easily been black, but no. Instead you get the angry black man pointing a gun a a policeman's head. How anyone can be so stupid is confusing. How can anyone with a slogan that includes "lives matter" justify murdering? How can a race that complains of being treated bad because of the color of their skin treat others bad because of the color of their skin? I think the cumulative average IQ of the murderers and looters must be in the low 60's or so. How does looting stores and burning down businesses help their cause? This nation is crazy and the BLACKS HAVE DESTROYED EVERYTHING THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT HAS ACCOMPLISHED SINCE 1960 with "our" president encouraging them. Wow, what a crazy time to live in.In all this is a stupid move that shouldn't have even been made and I truly feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to watch/enjoy it.… Expand Let me preface this by saying I'm not one throw out low scores to films just to spite them because I didn't enjoy a movie. Suicide Squad really is a bad movie. I found it to be a hard 2 with little to redeem it. Do not watch this movie.Let me preface this by saying I'm not one throw out low scores to films just to spite them because I didn't enjoy a movie. Suicide Squad really is a bad movie. I found it to be a hard 2 with little to redeem it. Do not watch this movie. It's the most dead on arrival pile of garbage I've seen since Jupiter Ascending. I was excited for this movie like everyone else. It looked like a blast! Once we got a Batman v. Superman that left me saying "Meh" I became a bit worried and even more so after the mixed reviews for Suicide Squad came rolling out. But I went to see it anyway secure in the idea that even if it wasn't good it would at least be a fun little ride and a fine way to spend a couple hours on a Saturday afternoon. Boy, was I wrong. I could go on and on about all the problems SS has but I'll save us both some time and just go over what it does well. 1. The acting was fine from the main cast. Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn and Viola Davis' Amanda Waller in particular stood out. Will Smith seems to be gaining some praise for his performance but I think people are confusing his Deadshot being a central character as him giving a good performance, because I thought he really phoned it in and it was completely lacking in the Smith charisma he's known for. 2. Enchantress looked cool, at least when she wasn't dancing an unexplained portal weapon into existence like a goof. 3. That's it. Yep. Solid acting with a few exceptions and a cool *looking* villain. So what's bad about SS? Literally everything else. Story was flat. Dialogue was bad. Laughable at times and not laughable when it was supposed to be ("I'm beautiful!" says Killer Croc "Grooaaan. Why are you even in this movie?!" says me). Pacing and editing all over the place. Simply riddled with plot holes. It's just bad and worse than that, it isn't even fun. Thirty minutes in I was bored. An hour into it I was debating on leaving, and by the time the credits rolled I was so happy it was over. Not only to end the boredom but also so I could "Boo" it. I've been going to the theater for 25 years and this is the first movie I've ever actually booed. Save yourself ten bucks. Watch the "Bohemian Rhapsody" trailer again. There, you just saw a better version of Suicide Squad than the actual movie. Ugh.… Expand I like superhero movies and actions flicks but this is a terrible and stupid movie. I was bored watching this at the cinema, it's a total let down. There were moments I cringed and then laughed at the cheesy stupidity of what I was watching.I like superhero movies and actions flicks but this is a terrible and stupid movie. I was bored watching this at the cinema, it's a total let down. There were moments I cringed and then laughed at the cheesy stupidity of what I was watching. The trailers are better than the movie. Massive fail.… Expand I can't believe I am going to say this, I thought Batman vs. Superman was better than Suicide Squad. What the heck is wrong with DC that they keep turning out crappy movie after crappy movie. The plot is beyond ridiculous. The Suicide SquadI can't believe I am going to say this, I thought Batman vs. Superman was better than Suicide Squad. What the heck is wrong with DC that they keep turning out crappy movie after crappy movie. The plot is beyond ridiculous. The Suicide Squad doesn't go up against world ending magical gods. They do the job that no one else can do because it is down and dirty. I for for **** sake their skills are are bunch of melee weapons, one guy who is strong and has alligator skin (but is only 6 feet tall . . .), a couple guys who can shoot, and one guy who can manipulate fire. It is just the wrong story line for them. They spent a ton of money on the film. It looks good. Except for Killer Croc. Instead of a monstrous man, he is a normal sized dude with scaly skin. Just terrible. The Joker didn't do it for me either. Crazy prison tats and just psychotic. Harley Quinn was hot, but that was it. They made too big a deal of her. Overall the script was baffling and a complete misfire.… Expand I am not going to waste the time to talk about why this movie is the worst I have seen all year because it is clear that Warner Brothers did not take the time to ensure that this would be a quality movie. Instead, I am going to give you aI am not going to waste the time to talk about why this movie is the worst I have seen all year because it is clear that Warner Brothers did not take the time to ensure that this would be a quality movie. Instead, I am going to give you a list of recommendations based on what the marketing had people fooled into thinking Suicide Squad would be, but really wasn't. If in a comic book movie, you are looking for: -A good licensed soundtrack, watch Guardians of the Galaxy.-a fun team of characters, watch The Avengers (or Guardians).-good humor, watch Deadpool.-realism and emotional maturity, watch The Dark Knight-good characterization, watch Spider-Man 2. And last, but most certainly not least: -something cohesive, funny, tense, exciting, authentic, or even remotely entertaining, you'd have better luck with almost any other movie than Suicide Squad. It may not kill you, but it'll hurt you... really, really bad.… Expand All that studio interference is gonna get your film hurt, shame on you Warner Bros. This hurt me, really, really, bad. Thank heavens for Margot Robbie though, and for once Will Smith playing Will Smith really works. Davis also kicks ass.All that studio interference is gonna get your film hurt, shame on you Warner Bros. This hurt me, really, really, bad. Thank heavens for Margot Robbie though, and for once Will Smith playing Will Smith really works. Davis also kicks ass. Otherwise, this is a hackjob; like Fant4stic, it shouldn't have been released in the version we got. And if this is truly David Ayer's preferred cut, what the hell was he thinking?… Expand Suicide squad really lives up to its name. Whomever produced this crap must have been suicidal. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The plot must have been written by a blind monkey, it jumps all over the place and I'm sure even the writes don't know wtf is going on. The only reason this movie didn't get a 0 is because of some solid acting performance from Margot Robbie and Will Smith. Do not waste you money on this crap.!… Expand I did not expect much when I went to see this movie but It was a lot more disappointing than I ever expected.I forgot I was watching a 3D movie lol, awful plot,awful CGI, awful dialogue.Joker is a cameo. Waste of money,pure marketing movie. II did not expect much when I went to see this movie but It was a lot more disappointing than I ever expected.I forgot I was watching a 3D movie lol, awful plot,awful CGI, awful dialogue.Joker is a cameo. Waste of money,pure marketing movie. I knew I would not like it but maaan the movie sucked so hard… Expand I had to walk out of the theater for this one. It was an incoherent mess that was slapped together with an Elmer's Glue stick. The narrative was completely ruined with a torrent of flashbacks, which felt more like inconclusive and poorlyI had to walk out of the theater for this one. It was an incoherent mess that was slapped together with an Elmer's Glue stick. The narrative was completely ruined with a torrent of flashbacks, which felt more like inconclusive and poorly edited montages. I drew nothing from them, they were scattered all throughout the plot, and they inevitably confused and annoyed the s*** out of me. I got about an hour or so into the movie and realized the experience was going downhill. My friend had fallen asleep and my patience was wearing thin. I had to get out of there. I don't plan on seeing any other installments for this s*** franchise.… Expand I don't really know what good to say about this movie. The editing is bad, the plot makes no sense, most of the characters have little to no value at all. They could have just cut out the Joker, since he had nothing to do with anything. TheI don't really know what good to say about this movie. The editing is bad, the plot makes no sense, most of the characters have little to no value at all. They could have just cut out the Joker, since he had nothing to do with anything. The humor felt forced and for the most part out of place. Harley Quinn is a good example here. Every time she opened her mouth, it had to be a "funny" one-liner, something that got old and cringey very quickly. Deadshot was ok I guess, even though it was just Will Smith playing Will Smith. The only character that I would consider interesting was El Diablo. There is a problem when you are making a movie about 8 different people that should be treated equally, and only two of them work. Not a good movie, but I guess you can enjoy it if you can overlook all of its problems. I sure couldn't.… Expand The entire movie is a mess. The plot is as basic and predictable as it gets. Special effects look dated. Performances of Margot Robbie and Will Smith are good, but the characters are so poorly written that they all fall flat in the end. MusicThe entire movie is a mess. The plot is as basic and predictable as it gets. Special effects look dated. Performances of Margot Robbie and Will Smith are good, but the characters are so poorly written that they all fall flat in the end. Music in general doesn't help nor hurt the overall experience. There are SEVERAL scenes with laughable screenwriting, the most clear one being the "Harley Quinn cellphone" situation.The movie is trash get over it people, most of the good reviews ignore completely the points i just mentioned and say "i liked it because i liked it". Avoid it at all costs, it's a waste of time.… Expand Frankly, it was awful. I like films, even bad ones (most of the time), because I enjoy the experience of going to the cinema with my friends. In this instance, I felt bad for my friends and for myself for having to endure it. TerribleFrankly, it was awful. I like films, even bad ones (most of the time), because I enjoy the experience of going to the cinema with my friends. In this instance, I felt bad for my friends and for myself for having to endure it. Terrible dialogue, terrible editing, terrible villain, terrible CGI, tonally all over the place and the pacing makes my nan's heart seem stable. I'm trying really hard to find something to recommend it, but I don't. Sorry.… Expand Mauvais et médiocre. Très mal rythmé, les scènes s'enchaînent comme des clips. D'ailleurs c'est à se demander si ce n'est assumé... La présentation des personnages est lourde et fait office de catalogue de produits. A chaque perso, une nouvelle musique cool mais ça ne suffit pas pour faire un bon film.Passé la première partie de présentation et la mise en place de l'intrigue, le reste du film est long et monotone. On s'ennuie alors que ça dure environ 2heures, chapeau bas...Beaucoup de répétitions de scènes ad nauseam. Les combats sont sans plus. C'est relativement basique. Côté scénario, il est atrocement mauvais. Le méchant est nul et on nous rejoue le coup de la destruction/domination du monde. ça en devient lassant surtout pour une équipe de super-méchants.Et c'est là qu'on arrive à l'échec principal du film : Ce ne sont pas des supers méchants. Ils ont été repeints à coup de peinture emo/bien-pensance. [spoiler]    Ils ne tuent personne "d'innocent" ou gratuitemen    [/spoiler]    t de tout le film. Le plus massacré est "Deadshot" par un Will Smith générique et une trahison complète du caractère du personnage des comics. Les autres personnages sont insignifiants (Boomerang, Killer Croc (qui est tout petit et ne fait pas peur), Katana (qui est juste lol). Harley Quinn est pas mal par moments. Malheureusement sa relation avec le Joker n'échappe pas au coup de pinceau de team Bisounours. Le Joker est anecdotique, sans doute trop de scènes coupées.Il n'y a aucune tension dans ce film alors qu'on suit la "Bisoun.. pardon Suicide Squad"...Cara Delevingne est catastrophique, le jeu zéro dans toute sa splendeur. Franchement qu'ils arrêtent avec les mannequins. A éviter à tout prix.A quand un bon film DC ?… Expand Since it's faster to tell you what's good about this movie than what's bad, here we go: Margot Robbie ! ...and the way she manages to give life to a character that suffers - like every character in this movie - from the god awful dialogues,Since it's faster to tell you what's good about this movie than what's bad, here we go: Margot Robbie ! ...and the way she manages to give life to a character that suffers - like every character in this movie - from the god awful dialogues, the bad costumes, bad acting, the wannabe-try-hard-complete-fail-coolness, and the terrible plot. Of course this is far from saving the movie! 1. Dialogues: some of the worst c*** I've heard in a long while. uncool, meaningless, unfunny, far from gritty, farther from credible. example:HARLEY QUIN, looking at KILLER CROC: "He's ugly on the outside, too."KILLER CROC: "Not me shorty (long dramatic pause) I'm beautiful."HARLEY QUIN: "Yeah, you are."KILLER CROC growls Me thinking:...that supposed to be funny, cool, meaningful, gritty, mysterious....or is it just C**P! Movie is full of this. 2. Bad Costumes: either boring, not befitting of a modern version of the villain or just plain hilarious like the enchantress. 3. Bad acting: will smith is will smith. Delevingne portraits the enchantress like a cheap B-movie witch, Kinnaman desperately trying to sell us the tough guy. everyone else (except Margot Robbie) fails or doesn't get the chance to be anything meaningful. 4. Bad actor choice: Delevingne, Smith, Joel Kinnaman don't fit into their roles. especially Delevingne looks like a teenager although she is supposed to be an archaeologist. 5. action: wave of useless minions which don't pose a threat anyways - meaningless trash talk - wave of useless minions posing even less of a threat - meaningless trash talk - wave of minions - trash talk - uninspired, short and boring boss fight - more meaningless trash talk that no human with a brain could emotionally or intellectually relate to. If at least the action scenes would show something spectacular or creative or flabbergasting..but...nope. We get good old Steven Seagal B-movie fight scenes of the 90's. 6. plot: irrelevant 7. character development: no (unless u browse Wikipedia while watching) 8. the joker: One major reason for me to go see this flick was the joker. Unfortunately he almost never shows up and when he does, his appearances are so short that Jared Leto can't really shape his personal take on the new joker. That's why I want to be cautious in judging him and his performance. I can't say that I liked the new Joker as much as I did Jack Nicholson's or Heath Ledger's, but given the circumstances he did an OK job. Conclusion: definitely among the worst movies of the past ten years considering the amount of money and actor-potential involved.… Expand FaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifoFaschifo… Expand From the beginning this film starts to crumble. We get completely random scenes which look as if a child had got hold of the editing software and stuck a bunch of scenes together. The pacing is completely off and the jokes and cheesiness completely ruin the fact that this is supposed to be a more light hearted movie. The only redeeming factor is the special effects, which are fine but in no were they outstanding. However the overall making of this film is not the worst part, it's the characters.Every single character is poorly acted and has terrible character development. The first on-screen adaptation of Harley Quinn was ruined by the strange character arc she goes through. Margot Robbie portrays the character as annoying and extremely over-sexualised. Deadshot is boring and has one of the cheesiest storylines ever- a daughter that makes him weak. I can never understand what Killer Croc is saying, El Diablo is only there to die at the end so we have some kind of sadness to show at the end of the movie, but when he dies we care so little about him that our reaction is just an "eh". Captain Boomerang is ok but the stupidness of his boomerang throwing completely ruins his character. Altogether this movie is a terrible attempt at rivalling the MCU from DC and features the worst character line up in superhero movie history. Oh and don't get me started on Katana.… Expand It's exactly like everyone said it was. Dumb. Other than hardcore fans or prepubescent males, you'd do well to avoid this stinkfest. Will Smith plays his everyman action hero and other than a handful of scenes it really is a jumbled paint byIt's exactly like everyone said it was. Dumb. Other than hardcore fans or prepubescent males, you'd do well to avoid this stinkfest. Will Smith plays his everyman action hero and other than a handful of scenes it really is a jumbled paint by numbers comic book movie akin to Fant4stic with generic world destroying bad guy. Joker is an after thought with his extremely limited screen time (no doubt do to Jared Leto's terrible performance) and seems wholly unnecessary to what little plot there is. Save your money.... wish I did.… Expand Hugely disappointing, especially coming after the magnificent BvS, but looks like that (and MoS) were the exceptions and DC is now going to start cranking out superhero movies as mediocre as Marvel's.First problem: tries to establish wayHugely disappointing, especially coming after the magnificent BvS, but looks like that (and MoS) were the exceptions and DC is now going to start cranking out superhero movies as mediocre as Marvel's.First problem: tries to establish way too many characters, with the result that we wind up not caring about any of them. This has been plaguing the X-men and Avengers movies too (who actually cares about Bucky?), and apparently DC has learned nothing from it. One hero we actually like with a real dramatic arc is way better than 6 we don't care about.Second problem: Unbelievably bad villains. Magic Tentacle Dude and Shadow Woman are some of the least compelling villains since Loki's army of faceless aliens on hoverbikes. They're not threatening, they're not interesting, they're not even neat to look at. Relatedly, the Joker (who apparently was supposed to be the main antagonist in early versions of the story) is lackluster and given absolutely nothing to do in the plot. Turns out his whole point was just to be in the trailers and tease audiences into seats; we're not coming out to see Captain Boomerang after all.Third problem: the story's own internal logic doesn't work. This is supposed to be a team of people who could fight "another Superman", yet almost none of them have any real powers, and half of them have already got their butts kicked by Batman? It's not a nitpick, this is a serious story problem, since it undermines the whole premise of the movie for every second of screen time and makes a lot of the characters' actions incoherent.Fourth problem: Too much Will Smiff.Fifth problem: The PG-13 rating. If you want to make a funny, edgy movie about badass anti-heroes, you need to go full R, period. Deadpool took that chance and it paid off beautifully (that was really the movie this wanted to be).I'm bearish on the upcoming Wonder Woman and Justice League movies too; the former has the Grrlbusters problem of trying to turn a fun action movie into a nagging feminist lecture ("you're a secretary? Where I'm from we call that SLAVERY!"), and the latter is probably another overstuffed designed-by-committee fanservice-fest with no cinematic heart or soul (but this time with more Marvel-style snarky quips!). It looks like for the foreseeable future Nolan's Batman and Snyder's Superman movies are going to remain the high-water mark of this genre.… Expand I went into this movie with higher expectations than Batman Vs Superman and they were outright crushed.  I thought Viola Davis, Will Smith, Jared Leto and Jay Hernandez were decent enough, but was surprised at how unawesome Margot RobbieI went into this movie with higher expectations than Batman Vs Superman and they were outright crushed.  I thought Viola Davis, Will Smith, Jared Leto and Jay Hernandez were decent enough, but was surprised at how unawesome Margot Robbie actually was as Harley Quinn (outside of what you see in the trailers).  Storey was a jumbled mess and I have seen better action in an episode of Paw Patrol.  Not the final nail in the coffin for DC movies, but I honestly felt the train went seriously off the rails on this film.… Expand What a letdown. Trying hard, forced acting, poor script and confusing storyline. The premise, with the back story at the beginning made me think, okay this is interesting, but after that it went straight to a limbo. I don't expect that much,What a letdown. Trying hard, forced acting, poor script and confusing storyline. The premise, with the back story at the beginning made me think, okay this is interesting, but after that it went straight to a limbo. I don't expect that much, plot-wise, on superhero movies or in this case a supervillain movie. But with all the hype, i thought it's gonna give something different. But I didnt really like it. The first part was okay, the middle was getting lost, and the last was rushed. Also, i also find the cgi bad and the minions - haha, any japanase supersentai tv series were far better haha. I gave it a 2 for Smith, Davis and Robbie.… Expand Suicide Squad gives a great premise but it delivers with lousy plot. It had a good start but lose its grip as the movie flows. The villains are dense and didn't give depth to the story. Slow-paced that you lose grip at what they are trying toSuicide Squad gives a great premise but it delivers with lousy plot. It had a good start but lose its grip as the movie flows. The villains are dense and didn't give depth to the story. Slow-paced that you lose grip at what they are trying to tell you. Some one-liners are good enough to give you a chuckle (mostly from Harley) but most are forced and out of place. Fight scenes tries to be good that they look ridiculous. However, Margot Robbie gives a great Harley Quinn. Will Smith gives a good Deadshot.… Expand One of the worst AAA class movies i ever watch. All characters are bad, dialogs are stupid, no one in this movie have motivation.
And more of that, our heroes change their mind totaly random. HEY SHE CALL ME A FRIEND. NOW WE FREINDS. OKOne of the worst AAA class movies i ever watch. All characters are bad, dialogs are stupid, no one in this movie have motivation.And more of that, our heroes change their mind totaly random. HEY SHE CALL ME A FRIEND. NOW WE FREINDS. OK FORGET THAT I WANNA QUIT (for no reason), NOW I WANNA STAY (for no reason). I know that you cant expect much from another superhero crap movie, but that is bellow any standarts.… Expand Disclaimer: If you think this movie is good, good for you. I didn't. That's fine. I'm allowed to hate it. You're allowed to love it. Can't we all just get along? Now with that out of the way, time to trigger people who are super easilyDisclaimer: If you think this movie is good, good for you. I didn't. That's fine. I'm allowed to hate it. You're allowed to love it. Can't we all just get along? Now with that out of the way, time to trigger people who are super easily offendable by not liking their movie. Where do I begin? Suicide Squad is an absolute mess. From start to finish, it's awful. I'm mad I forgot to bring my bottle of drain cleaner to the cinema so I could wash the pain away. Everything from the characters, to the pacing, even the awful choice in music combine to create a **** like I had never seen before on the big screen- I genuinely think this might be the worst film I've ever seen in a theater. I'll run down my points quickly only using examples from the first act to keep this as spoiler free as possible. The Characters: For this let's go back to screenwriting 101. In crazy superhero movies like this it usually helps the audience to be able to follow someone from start to finish. Let's make up a name for that person. Let's call them "the protagonist." That's a good name I think. The protagonist helps guide the audience through the story. Usually the protagonist changes, develops, and grows as characters- this is called an arc. Let's, for humor's sake (because the plot is so muddy it's very hard to pick out a true main character), say the protagonist of Suicide Squad is Deadshot. Deadshot starts the film as a hitman for hire who kills people with impeccable aim. He loves his daughter and would do anything for her- besides giving up being a hitman apparently. At the end of the movie Deadshot is a hitman who kills people with impeccable aim. He loves his daughter and would do anything for her- besides giving up being a hitman apparently. No that wasn't a copy/paste error, Deadshot has about as much of an arc as most of his shots- it's non-existent. He's pretty much the same character at both the beginning and end of the film. "But Dan!" I hear you cry. "SS wasn't about Dadshot! It was about Harley Quinn!" Alright. Let's quickly analyze her then. Harley's whole purpose for being in Suicide Squad is to dispense AWFUL one-liners and to be as unnecessarily sexy/slutty as possible. That's all she does. She says things like, "now that's a killer app!" and contributes pretty much nothing else. You learn that she wishes her and Mr. J had a normal 2.5 kids, suburbia life- and that's pretty much it. Her character changes in almost no way throughout the film. The Pacing: Suicide Squad had more pacing issues than a 68 year old's heart after a latte. This is because of the ABYSMAL editing done in this flick. It's atrocious. The only thing worse than the editing is the writing, but we'll get to that in a second. This film feels like it was edited by a 38 year old who wanted to prove he was still "hip" and "with it." I can't go into too much detail without spoiling anything- so I won't.  But trust me, some of the choices made will make you want to scratch your head. And by scratch your head I mean "run face first into a wall." The writing didn't help Suicide Squad's horrid pacing issues, it compounded them. The clunky dialogue would make even George Lucas go **** that's not how people talk to each other." Every time someone speaks, they're just giving exposition. The film speaks rather than show. It's dumb. And when they're not being walking exposition meat bags, the "characters' are trying to sound kool by saying some of the most cringe worthy one liners ever put into film- do I need to bring up the "killer app" line again? The Music: Whoever did the soundtrack clearly was inspired by Guardians of the Galaxy and thought, "I need Queen in my movie too!" Hey dip****. That's not how that works. You can't just put Queen into your movie and expect everyone to love it. People loved the soundtrack for Guardians because it meant something to the characters and added to the overall story. Everything here feels VERY out of place; hell, half the scenes with the bootleg Guardians soundtrack playing feel like they weren't shot with the eventual music choices in mind. It blows. On the whole, Suicide Squad is a mess, much like this review, probably. It's the kind of mess that has the potential to ruin DC's already tarnished reputation. Nothing worked for this movie and you honestly shouldn't waste your hard earned cash- go see something better like Star Trek.… Expand When Man of Steel came out a few years back and disappointed, everyone assumed things would improve for WB/DC. They keep getting worse! Batman v Superman is still probably the biggest disappointment, but Suicide Squad is the **** of theWhen Man of Steel came out a few years back and disappointed, everyone assumed things would improve for WB/DC. They keep getting worse! Batman v Superman is still probably the biggest disappointment, but Suicide Squad is the **** of the **** They need to burn it down and start all over.… Expand Suicide Squad had the potential to be an excellent entry to the new DC universe films, but it tries so desperately to be funny and quirky that it ends up being a cringe to watch. The first mistake people have made with suicide squad is to compare Leto to Ledger. They are two very different Jokers. Although Ledger has been the least comic-book accurate at the time (yet still inherently perfect to Joker's character - and well represented), Leto's Joker now takes the cake. The Joker. You didn't need screen time to determine the quality of the new Joker. Leto's performance was excellent and impressive, considering how badly and inaccurately his character was written.The Joker is not a thug, never was. He doesn't wear bling and he surely would not act like a mob boss, hanging out in clubs. For everything he's always been, the Joker always set himself apart from common thugs without trying to. This is not the case here. Everything that he's represented as is a stereotypical thug, from the acts he performs to the idiotic design with his generic and lame tattoos. (don't believe me? Google "thug" and see for yourself). We see a moment where he shock's Harley Quinzel's brain. Why? Harley didn't have to have her brain scrambled to become who she was, she was made by the Joker's brilliant insanity. This small little detail instantly removed any depth their relationship had by implying that Harley only sticks with him because he's physically damaged her brain, not psychologically influenced it. Harley. Also known as, boobs and ass representative to keep little boys entertained and demean and cheapen the Harley character. There's nothing more to say than that. Deadshot. Well, now here's the saving grace. The one character I was expecting to fail manages to pull us through. Sure there were some odd plot decisions, but essentially he was well represented and wasn't portrayed by an over-acting artist. Will Smith really shows how it's done and was lucky enough to have a well designed and written character. Wait, there were others? Oh yes. We spend a long time getting an intro to the main characters and 10 seconds of an intro to characters that are meant to be forgotten. Slipknot? How was his death not more obvious? The "fire-y" latino. Oh yes, very smart, I see what you did there.BvS was a great film and Ben Affleck is arguably one of the best Batman's we've seen, but considering how they've chosen to design and represent the villains I've lost a lot of hope for the new Batman franchise. You can see that there was some inspiration taken from the excellent Assault on Arkham, but unfortunately they just couldn't create a movie near as good or with decent enough characters as that. The real suicide squad movie for any DC die-hard is Assault on Arkham, Suicide Squad is just a means to make the majority happy by giving them what they would expect.… Expand Terrible film with little purpose or intention to even respect the source material. Suicide Squad is a classic example of how to make an unwatchable movie. The few positives from this film are the strong acting performances across the boardTerrible film with little purpose or intention to even respect the source material. Suicide Squad is a classic example of how to make an unwatchable movie. The few positives from this film are the strong acting performances across the board and a few misguided attempts at humor that gets a smile. It has a relatively decent first act and a few classic comic book shots, but overall does not save the movie from its diabolical existence. Everything from dialogue, pacing, plot, cinematography, action, internal logic, CGI, soundtrack and lighting are complete garbage. There is no attempt to make a coherent story and is only entertaining for a simple minded arsewipe. The movie can be better served as a torture tool in Guantanamo than any reason for its existence.… Expand This movie sucks. It's all over the place leaving you confused and cringed at a lot of times. For example they cram an action scene, humor scene and an emotional scene within the timespan of 2 minutes. Thus making none of the sceneThis movie sucks. It's all over the place leaving you confused and cringed at a lot of times. For example they cram an action scene, humor scene and an emotional scene within the timespan of 2 minutes. Thus making none of the scene noteworthy. This goes on throughout the movie making you only remember the general plot and none of the details.… Expand "Loved it, and Angry joe, Jeremy Jahns and John Schnep all love it too. Im in gud company." - the top review Yes, who needs Pulitzer-prize-winning film critics like Joe Morgenstern when you have famously annoying Youtubers that agree with"Loved it, and Angry joe, Jeremy Jahns and John Schnep all love it too. Im in gud company." - the top review Yes, who needs Pulitzer-prize-winning film critics like Joe Morgenstern when you have famously annoying Youtubers that agree with your opinion about a film that only exists because of Guardians of the Galaxy?… Expand Unless there is another cut sitting around in a dark room somewhere--this film is doomed. So disappointed that the critics were right. It's a huge mess. Feels like about 20 people took turns editing the movie on a laptop. Main plot is lame.Unless there is another cut sitting around in a dark room somewhere--this film is doomed. So disappointed that the critics were right. It's a huge mess. Feels like about 20 people took turns editing the movie on a laptop. Main plot is lame. Main villain is lame. So even with another cut smoothing out the rough edges--I doubt it would make much difference. Ugh. I give it a 3 for Margot Robbie and a couple of others for at least trying.… Expand I gotta say this film had the best marketing campaign of any film ever. No one can forget how hyped up this film was. But hype can be detriment if the film can't meet expectations. This film certainly didn't. Suicide Squad starts out OK then crashes and burns. I really wanted to like this movie but it was just impossible. There was no character development at all, the CGI was freakin terrible, the editing sucked, the main villain had potential to be awesome but they didn't use her at all, and it was super predictable. I did like some of the characters. Margot Robbie was good as Harley Quinn, Will Smith was such a likable character as Deadshot, Jai Courtney did the impossible and was good in a movie, and Jared Leto was easily the best part of this movie. He killed it as joker but there is one complaint I have with his character, he's in it for like twenty minutes. Every time he was about to do something that you wanted to see the scene just ends. Joel Kinnaman was fine but his character had really corny lines at times, El Diablo was alright, I didn't really like Killer Croc,I really wanted to like Enchantress but the way they used her was pretty boring and the movie just felt incomplete. Batman is in it for a little bit in the very beginning and it made me think to myself during the final battle "where the hell is batman during all of this?" The movie doesn't take place in gotham but we saw he has a jet in B v S. There were so many plot holes and the ending of the movie is so rushed and half assed. Suicide Squad wasn't just a disappointing movie but it's a bad movie.… Expand So "Suicide Squad" is not the best film by DC.Battle in this film so bad,like you are watching film from 90 's.In this team only Harley Quinn and Deathshot is normal.Joker isn't Joker,its SWAG pimp,really.Just look at his costume,at hisSo "Suicide Squad" is not the best film by DC.Battle in this film so bad,like you are watching film from 90 's.In this team only Harley Quinn and Deathshot is normal.Joker isn't Joker,its SWAG pimp,really.Just look at his costume,at his tattoo.The Story line is boring,because we all saw it in advertising.So i waited more.… Expand I could careless for comic book movies. I find most of them boring and overloaded with obvious cgi, but.....This was suppose to be the summer's answer to Deadpool( he owned the winter). Let's keep it dark and fun with a PG-13 rating. The Good:-Will Smith (Deadshot), Viola Davis(Amanda Waller) Jai Courtney (Captain Boomerang), Margot Robbie(Harley Quinn)- The soundtrack The Bad:- The Enchantress- The Joker aka Proud Member the Juggalo Fan Club- CGI CRAPFEST- The editing- The dialogue (prepare to listen to repeated lines)- Those tar/rock eyeball creatures (They reminded of those black globs a goo you fight off in the Where the Wild Things video game - Which is also a Warner Bros property.)- Similar plot to Escape From New York (Get the bad to do work for the government, inject them with a poison/explosive to follow their orders, send them to some place to retrieve the heart from a leprechaun.(I made that last one up, but you get the idea.)- The Indian and the Mexican might not make it out alive- Phoned in cameos- Not dark enough- Not fun enough- The Enchantress's dancing (very laughable)- Boring set pieces ( city streets, a subway, a bar, an office building, and a sewer)- Why was The Joker even in this?- Not enough unicorns- Why not show off all of the characters intros?- Why not show off all of the characters wishes?- An R rating couldn't have saved this morning-… Expand The worse a movie is rated the better it does at the box office. Proof that most theatergoers don't read reviews. Dead giveaway: this has Will Smith in it. Simply one of those people who was in the right place at the right time. Except thinkThe worse a movie is rated the better it does at the box office. Proof that most theatergoers don't read reviews. Dead giveaway: this has Will Smith in it. Simply one of those people who was in the right place at the right time. Except think of the talented black actors who don't get parts cause he got them. Too bad.… Expand Not a definitely bad movie, but a total disappointment of my expectations. The subject was wonderful, the cast was great, it really had the potential to be an amazing movie, different from the other superhero-movies we hot this year. But it didn't. When they showed us the background of every single member of the squad (in a very lame way) but one, was it even possible not to guess that he was going to die first? That was way too predictable. The mood wasn't half as dark as it should have been and the antagonist was just another super-powerful, supernatural, super-boring being, when there are tons of more human and insane Batman villains who could have been way more interesting foes for the squad. And then there was Joker. Let's be honest, I liked Leto's Joker a lot, seriously, but why was he there for just two or three  scenes? The movie would have gone on perfectly even if he wasn't there at all, they just put it in there to attract customers! That was very frustrating, especially after all the hype they created for him! If he had been the villain of the movie, the result would probably have been much, much better! Instead, this turned out to be the story of people bad, but not quite enough, forced to do serve the government by doing dirty, but not quite enough, missions, fighting a dangerous, but not quite enough, entity, in a dark, but not quite enough, mood, while behaving in a funny way, but either not quite enough or too much. It was like seeing the Guardians of the Galaxy stuck in a Nolan's Batman movie. Awkward and pathetic.… Expand Suicide Squad is extremely boring and forgettable with very little humor. All that this film really has to offer are gunshots, explosions, and a lineup of villains in which only some of them are interesting. There's Harley Quinn, The Joker,Suicide Squad is extremely boring and forgettable with very little humor. All that this film really has to offer are gunshots, explosions, and a lineup of villains in which only some of them are interesting. There's Harley Quinn, The Joker, Deadshot, and then there's everyone else.… Expand What a pathetic excuse for a movie. The writing is just abysmal. The jumbled mess of a story makes Batman v Superman seem coherent and straightforward. The promotions for this movie were completely misleading. Even the most ardent DC fansWhat a pathetic excuse for a movie. The writing is just abysmal. The jumbled mess of a story makes Batman v Superman seem coherent and straightforward. The promotions for this movie were completely misleading. Even the most ardent DC fans will eventually recognize what a piece of garbage Suicide Squad is. It is seriously insulting how bad this movie is, especially when you consider how much money it will inevitably pull in. I've watched hundreds of movies that had 10% of this movies budget and were still better in every measurable way. Giving it a 3/10 is extremely generous.… Expand This movie was bad. The entire movie I was wondering when it would all end. Seriously, whoever made this cut needs to be fired. I am very upset about this film. DC is really dropping the ball here and needs to get their act together. HarleyThis movie was bad. The entire movie I was wondering when it would all end. Seriously, whoever made this cut needs to be fired. I am very upset about this film. DC is really dropping the ball here and needs to get their act together. Harley Quinn was the only good part of the movie, everything else was complete ****… Expand I can't believe how boring this movie was. Everything has been done before. This is essentially avengers age of ultron with the brightness turned down.Will Smith was the only decent performance in the movie and I couldn't get over how disappointed I was with Harley Quinn. I was hoping for more Dr. Quinn and a lot less skanky the clown, but it seemed she was mainly around for the eye candy, which is unfortunate.Was the joker even on screen for more than three minutes? Why did he take up 90% of the trailers and only 0.01% of the movie? I honestly went into this thinking it was a Joker Vs Suicide Squad movie and I couldn't have been more wrong, except maybe thinking this might be a fun summer movie.… Expand In the trailer they had a scene explaining the premise of the Suicide Squad was if their mission went for bust, the recruited members became the scapegoat, At no point did that stake materialize in this film. Ike Barinholtz as the abusiveIn the trailer they had a scene explaining the premise of the Suicide Squad was if their mission went for bust, the recruited members became the scapegoat, At no point did that stake materialize in this film. Ike Barinholtz as the abusive guard is the best part of this movie. The low point of this movie is when First Nation's actor Adam Beach (Slipknot) steps out of a car and decks a women. I think the intention was to make this character unlikable but FN men are stereotypically known to being abusive to women.… Expand Suicide Squad is a failed attempt to re-invent the old and overused marvel characters even more. Though the writers tried to create a brand new plot that wasn't the typical 'hero sketch'. They made a witless and cleverless film. Although youSuicide Squad is a failed attempt to re-invent the old and overused marvel characters even more. Though the writers tried to create a brand new plot that wasn't the typical 'hero sketch'. They made a witless and cleverless film. Although you can't wait anything brilliant from a film of this nature, suicide squad is even worst that you can't imagine.… Expand The only thing that kept me watching is the cute impersonation of Harley Quinn by Margot Robbie. But honestly this is one movie you forget as you're watching. Zero interesting artistic choice on the direction side of things... could have beenThe only thing that kept me watching is the cute impersonation of Harley Quinn by Margot Robbie. But honestly this is one movie you forget as you're watching. Zero interesting artistic choice on the direction side of things... could have been directed by anyone. zero emotional connection with the characters. Special Note to the worst Joker yet. Anyone seen a good film this year?… Expand Suicide Squad is a bad film, but damn is it a lot of fun. Not my thing, but I can see why one would enjoy it if they are into comic books. Me, however, I am not. As it stands, it leaves more than a bit to be desired. First though, theSuicide Squad is a bad film, but damn is it a lot of fun. Not my thing, but I can see why one would enjoy it if they are into comic books. Me, however, I am not. As it stands, it leaves more than a bit to be desired. First though, the positives. Will Smith is very charismatic and knows how to play Will Smith. Margot Robbie is terrific as Harley Quinn. Acting-wise, she is hit-and-miss in the film. However, in terms of playing Harley Quinn, she was born to play the role. I loved June Moore. Cara Delevigne did well as her. She struggled as Enchantress, but I loved June Moore. I really liked Jared Leto as the Joker. I loved the gangster take on it, which certainly plays into David Ayer's sensibilities, but I enjoyed it. That said, I would have either gone full Joker or cut him entirely from the film. He was a bit like filler in my mind. Additionally, I thoroughly enjoyed the middle of the film. The film moves past the classic rock music and the character introductions to truly find its groove. Here, it is imperfect, but thoroughly fun and enjoyable. That is, until the end. Now the negatives. The film often plays as if David Ayer loved classic rock and had longed to make a music video for these songs. Unfortunately, he was misled into thinking this was a good time to do so. As a result, the songs are entirely distracting and take away from the film. They frequently pull you out of the movie and focused solely on the movie. The opening showcases this as they try to introduce the characters. The character development also sucked. Suicide Squad forgot there were more characters than Deadshot and Harley Quinn apparently because nobody else got any attention, especially Slipknot(?). If you were not aware of any of the characters beforehand (as was the case for me), you wee entirely SOL. The character interactions were also dreadful, particularly when Killer Croc is involved. The dialogue was poor for everyone from beginning to end, but his was a special kind of horrible. I physically cringed every time he opened his reptile mouth. The other characters' dialogue were also bad, but not as bad. Captain Boomerang was also entirely useless. He throws boomerangs twice, but both fail. His little unicorn was far more enjoyable than him. This said, I am glad that only Deadshot and Harley Quinn got any attention at all, because the rest were horrific actors. They did not need any more lines to deliver poorly. The ending also leaves a lot to be desired. Though I loved June Moore, I wish they had not used Enchantress because this ludicrous, off-the-wall, and thoroughly unenjoyable ending is sadly impossible to avoid. I do not know how else to end it, so I wish they did not choose her as the villain. That said, the special effects regarding her were solid, though they felt like they were straight out of the Brendan Fraser Mummy movies. Finally, the movie just felt oddly ordered. There was no flow between scenes. Instead, they smashed into one another (much like in Batman v. Superman) where they barely related to one another. It was almost as if Ayer came up with some cool ideas for scenes, but had no idea how they related to the plot or what order to put them in. So, he shot them and figured the editors could somehow work miracles with the nonsense he shot. Unfortunately, editors are not miracle workers. Thus, for this, I do not blame editing. Unlike Batman v. Superman in which there was a good film desperately trying to come out only to be killed by Zack Snyder, there is no good film underneath Suicide Squad. Instead, there is only disappointment and David Ayer failing spectacularly at telling any kind of worthwhile story with this set of characters. This is very unfortunate, considering I was really hoping that Suicide Squad would be really good. Even after the reviews, I hoped I would like it. Yet, here we are. Though it may be enjoyable, Suicide Squad is a bloody mess.… Expand the ¡¡WORST!! DC movie, ever made, me and my girlfriend got so disappointed with this piece of crap, the joker was awful, he looks like a painted Jhonny deep, he even doesn't remember me as Heath ledger's joker and i thought that he wasthe ¡¡WORST!! DC movie, ever made, me and my girlfriend got so disappointed with this piece of crap, the joker was awful, he looks like a painted Jhonny deep, he even doesn't remember me as Heath ledger's joker and i thought that he was supposed to be the main villain, but NO, all this **** time the villain was Enchantress, they hire jared leto as the joker ¿¿JUST TO FIND HARLEY??, the only good thing in this movie was Harley quinn & Deadshot but that doesn't mean this movie was great, NO!!, don't waste your money… Expand I saw the movie and in the half of the movie i left the theatre, its the worst movie of superheroes ever, its boring, nonsense, bad editing, the music was so so... never hook me....its really hard that i left a movie but with this crap ill doI saw the movie and in the half of the movie i left the theatre, its the worst movie of superheroes ever, its boring, nonsense, bad editing, the music was so so... never hook me....its really hard that i left a movie but with this crap ill do it.... for example for me batman 2 the dark night its a solid 9.2 but this movie its a solid 0. TERRIBLE- UGLY-BORING… Expand This movies is a flat out insult on your intelligence. The writing of the first act is probably the most terrible thing I scene in any movie ever. It's seriously 30 minutes of weirdly cut together scenes with explanations of characters. TheThis movies is a flat out insult on your intelligence. The writing of the first act is probably the most terrible thing I scene in any movie ever. It's seriously 30 minutes of weirdly cut together scenes with explanations of characters. The second act serves as a generic shooting fest that serves to move on the movie but just barely. What small amount of good character arcs that are the film are easily distracted by useless characters wasting screen time. What a total waste of the premise and the cast. On the plus it sure beats staring at a blank screen for two hours. It's partially enjoyable in the way it's so bad it's kind of funny to watch.… Expand Junk. Let's look at logic - the premise of the movie is to assemble a team of criminals/sociopaths (with the exception of Diablo, none of them are meta-humans) to fight a magical villain?  The whole point of the suicide squad in the comics was to perform black-ops type missions that could be repudiated by Argus if needed.  They aren't the "anti-Justice league" or any sort of bad guy complement to a good guy hero team.  So, instead of a grounded, edgy movie, we get blown up special effects similar to the last half hour of batman vs superman.  Between MoS, BvS, and now Suicide Squad, I'm beginning to think that the DC cinematic universe is beyond saving and needs to be rebooted.  This is a really sad thing - I'm a MAJOR DC comics fan, but this universe is off.… Expand Like most films of this caliber the trailers and promotion are better than the final product. Since the villains are heroes, the actual villains are corny and laughable. The music is good but not as obscure as it was made out to be.  WillLike most films of this caliber the trailers and promotion are better than the final product. Since the villains are heroes, the actual villains are corny and laughable. The music is good but not as obscure as it was made out to be.  Will Smith wants gun control except when it comes to this film.… Expand So, why was it bad? Poor structure / story: To be honest, I don't think there even was a structure to this movie. After a rushed and choppy introduction to each of the characters, a bunch of stuff just happens for them to fight. The story is non-existent. There's no central character to follow, or even a decent villain to understand/appreciate their motives. To sum up, it seems like they changed/re-edited the film AFTER they made it. Everything is so choppy and poorly edited, that you can't help but feel large chunks of it have been left out. Undoubtedly, this is not the movie that they started with. Forgettable action: Okay, so the plot isn't very good. But as a comic book film, the action can salvage this, right? Wrong. It's not that the action is bad. It's just that there's nothing memorable about it. Batman vs Superman had the amazing first battle (followed up by the amazing Martha Kent rescue by Batman), and Civil War had the incredible airport fight. Suicide Squad has NOTHING. It tries very hard to create one meaningful/impactful sequence with Deadshot, but it is soooo underwhelming that you begin to feel sorry for them. Joker: If you have high hopes for the amazing Jared Leto and the iconic Joker character that's contributed to most of the movie's hype, then prepare for an epic let-down. Firstly, he barely even features throughout the two hours. And secondly his introduction and the few scenes involving him, are so rushed and pointless in the grand-scheme of whatever the plot is. Again, when they edited this, Jared Leto's Joker became somewhat of an afterthought. There was no real insight into him, no progression, and quite frankly, you quickly lose any interest in him because his role is so meaningless. It's remarkable how badly they got this wrong! Uninteresting characters: Harley Quinn quickly grows tiresome with her dittzy/crazy demeanour. If you've caught all of the trailers and promotional material beforehand, then you've already seen her best bits. The croc dude is pointless and just growls. The fire guy has a sympathetic backstory but offers very little. Jai Courtney is quite funny as the Australian bloke. And although Though I was cynical going in, Will Smith as Deadshot was surprisingly good (so props for that). There are many other things wrong which, at this moment, I don't have the energy to put down. And as a viewer it's becoming increasingly frustrating to not get a good stand-alone comic book movie anymore. The producers are so franchise-focused that they concentrate more on setting up future instalments, than just making a good movie.… Expand It boggles my mind how anyone can see this film and think "that was a great movie". For the record, yes, there are fun parts. Ultimately, I didn't feel like my time or money were wasted. But really, this film left me feeling sad. Sad thatIt boggles my mind how anyone can see this film and think "that was a great movie". For the record, yes, there are fun parts. Ultimately, I didn't feel like my time or money were wasted. But really, this film left me feeling sad. Sad that THIS is the Suicide Squad we got when the talent DC has compiled for this movie could have given us an actually good film. There are good pieces, even a fun moment or two, but the actual construction of this film is a complete mess. I'll start with the good: Viola Davis is perfectly cast as Amadna Waller, Margot Robbie is the BEST part of this film as Harley Quinn, and Will Smith is...well, he's Will Smith. I'm even a fan of Jared Leto's Joker; a version that feels like the Joker without feeling like a ripoff of Hamil, Ledger, or Nicholson, though I do feel like including him here was a mistake (I'll get to that). Most of the rest of the cast just isn't given enough to do. Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, and Adawale Akinnuoye-Agbaje all show promis as Captain Boomerang, El Diablo, and Killer Croc respectively, but they are sidelined for most of the film so we can get more time with Joel Kinnaman as Rick Flagg. Without wishing to belabour a point, Kinnaman sucks as Rick Flagg. Partially he just can't carry the role, but also the writing for Flagg is atrocious. I wish this was the extent of the film's problems, but that only scratches the surface. The plot is a disjointed, jumbled mess. Some characters are given far too much time to their backstories (Harley) while others are introduced in a sentence or two (Katana) with no explanation for why they are here or what their motivations are. This isn't helped by the inclusion of the Joker scenes (I told you I'd talk about it) which add nothing to the film and only serve to make an already poorly plotted film worse. Seriously, the fact that the Joker, an entirely tangential player who never effects the plot outside of one scene (which is immediately undone), has more to do than Katana, Slipknot, Killer Croc, or Captain Boomerang (all members of the Suicide Squad) is ridiculous. A single scene from the clown at the end would have been sufficient. For what its worth, Batman also overstays his welcome, featuring heavily in both Deadshot and Harley's backstories when the film really doesn't need him there. These, combined with a clunky cameo by the Flash, makes me increasingly worried for WB's rushed attempts at a shared universe a la Marvel. I haven't talked about the bad guys yet because there isn't much to say. Enchantress and Incubus are simply too forgettable to be of any note.  Their mooks are just black blobs in human form - entirely uninteresting as enemies. Its a shame, because Enchantress seems like she could be an interesting villain when we first meet her, being used as a magic slave by Waller, but the film never commits to fleshing her out as a character and so she never moves past the one-note, "take over the world because magic" cliche.On the subject of the mooks, here would be a good place to talk about the action scenes, which are generally uninteresting. The enemies are boring in their design, and the film actively avoids having the main characters with the most interesting styles actually use them. Heck, its even a plot point that the one with the coolest powerset (El Diablo) refuses to actually fight for most of the film. When we do see him let loose though, the cgi is too cheesey to take seriously. And we haven't even gotten to the problems this film faces in character arcs and development. Harley is suddenly so attached to the squad because...? Deadshot likes Flagg because...? Flagg trusts the murderers and psychopaths around him enough to remove their leashes because...? The final act starts too early and drags on through too much boredom and unwieldy tonal shifts to be consistently entertaining. From the get go, every "twist" is painfully obvious or even outright explained before the twist actually comes. You will know immediately who will become the villain, who will die early to show that Waller doesn't mess around (hint: its the one who the movie forgets to introduce), who will sacrifice themselves heroically in the end, and who will ultimately turn out to be the "good guy" of the villainous squad. Is this film an utter waste of time? If you like Harley Quinn or are ok with watching the movie for a handful of good scenes and largely sleeping for the rest of it, than go ahead. Like I said, there are enjoyable pieces. Just don't expect a good film, or even a coherent film.… Expand +Viola Davis, Will Smith and Margot Robbie performance+Soundtrack+First 20min of the movie
+Superheroes cameo

-Plot
-Script
-Deus Ex Machina moments
-Weak villain
-Joker's "gangster" personality
-Villains having more "superhero"+Viola Davis, Will Smith and Margot Robbie performance+Soundtrack+First 20min of the movie+Superheroes cameo -Plot-Script-Deus Ex Machina moments-Weak villain-Joker's "gangster" personality-Villains having more "superhero" attitude than Batman and Superman in BvS… Expand I generally find DC are a bit hit and miss most of the time and, after the travesty of Dawn of Justice, my hopes for Suicide Squad were a bit dulled. But nevertheless, i went in with hope in my heart. Unfortunately, the awkward dialogue andI generally find DC are a bit hit and miss most of the time and, after the travesty of Dawn of Justice, my hopes for Suicide Squad were a bit dulled. But nevertheless, i went in with hope in my heart. Unfortunately, the awkward dialogue and "Banter" were the highlights of the movie. The plot was fairly cliche, the acting lacked cohesion and the pace felt stuttered. Jared Leto, for me, was the highlight of the film for me, a genuinely new way of looking at the Joker. Like Dawn of Justice, i probably won't bother to pick up the home media version of this one.… Expand What a mess this movie is. Watching it you'd think Deadshot and Harley Quinn are the only two members of the Suicide Squad. They are the only two characters with an introduction before the title card. Both characters have yet another introduction after the title card and longer than anyone else's intro. Deadshot's pretty cool and his exposition scenes are fun and interesting. Harley's annoying most of the time. We get it already, she's the crazy one. Overall though, the story is nothing original with no message. The coolest parts were the opening and closing credits because they looked awesome in 3D.… Expand The entertaining parts were few and far between,  A few slightly memorable scenes but overall I wasn't that engaged in the film, characters or story.  Suicide Squad has been frequently compared to Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy because theyThe entertaining parts were few and far between,  A few slightly memorable scenes but overall I wasn't that engaged in the film, characters or story.  Suicide Squad has been frequently compared to Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy because they were both outlier comic book characters that tended to be a little more subversive and irreverent.  Low expectations, light marketing and a mostly no name cast preceded the premiere.  Two of the characters were a tree with a one word vocabulary and a snarky CGI racoon.  On the other hand, Suicide Squad seems like it has been aggressively .marketed for years and contains an all star cast.  WB films are so insanely frontloaded with advance ticket sales and wild expectation that record opening weekends are all but guaranteed. I suspect marginal word of mouth will kill momentum for Suicide Squad before its second weekend and experience a 70%+ drop in box office, similar to B v S. I wish I would have skipped this and waited for it to appear on cable.… Expand I am giving this a stars, because there were a couple of performances that were slightly less than terrible. Apparently, Jared Leto is throwing a fit, because they cut so much of him out... he should be writing them a thank you letter. It's absolutely true, The Joker was merely a fleeting presence, just enough screen time to justify his place in the plot... if you could call it that, but performance was so God awful, that the less of him the better, both for the audience, and for his reputation as an actor. I could go on and on about the pitiful stabs at humor, and pathos (Daddy don't!), the ridiculous, and lazy reliance on flashbacks, the absolutely unfathomable fantasy/dream sequences (I guess that's what they were, but perhaps this will some up the sheer desperation of this movie... SPOILER... There'a witch in it... a friggin witch, with all the cheese special effects that go with it. Think The Huntsman, set in Gotham. Oh yeah, then theres the Ben Affleck jaw double in the Bat Man suit from Harry's Halloween shop. I never walk out of movies, bit this was close.… Expand We saw it at a sneak preview. Halfway through - I had to ask "Is this as bad as I think it is?" I guess it was worse.  The "Ghostbusters" bizarre ripoff at the end - made no sense. The plot had as many holes in it as either presidentialWe saw it at a sneak preview. Halfway through - I had to ask "Is this as bad as I think it is?" I guess it was worse.  The "Ghostbusters" bizarre ripoff at the end - made no sense. The plot had as many holes in it as either presidential campaign - nothing original here, nothing at all, if you've seen one of these types of movies, you've seen this one. Bad. I had to give it at least two red bars because I just feel bad for Will Smith.… Expand Terrible! Don't watch it! Waste your money on building a fence around your house to lock movies like this one out. I don't even know where to start... a Joker that cares about money... cars and expensive rings? WTF...? Seriously?? Did theTerrible! Don't watch it! Waste your money on building a fence around your house to lock movies like this one out. I don't even know where to start... a Joker that cares about money... cars and expensive rings? WTF...? Seriously?? Did the director even bother to read one comic?… Expand Worst. Joker. Ever.A soulless train wreck of a film that lacks cohesion regarding any aspect of film making: direction, dialogue, style, vision, character development, story arc, wit, etc. Margot Robbie, Viola Davis and Will Smith getWorst. Joker. Ever.A soulless train wreck of a film that lacks cohesion regarding any aspect of film making: direction, dialogue, style, vision, character development, story arc, wit, etc. Margot Robbie, Viola Davis and Will Smith get through it mostly unscathed, but everyone else looks like they were given one take and whatever they produced went in the can. Cara Delevingne is just embarrassingly awkward and unbelievably inept in some scenes; what direction was she being given, if any, is perhaps a question that needs to be asked because in other scenes she's fine.The plot is barely there: Go from A to B and kill a thing. Shoot and kill henchmen who serve no purpose other than to be shot, stabbed and whacked for 30 minutes. There's no menace from them at all, and they're absolutely no theat to any of the leads. If they hadn't been killed by the protagonist they would have stumbled and shot themselves, or slipped and dropped a grenade and taken themselves ought. There's no point to them being in the film at all other than to pad it out.The bad guys. Couldn't care less about them. Something about world domination, everyone suffering, blah blah blah. Honestly.The Joker: A tuneless karaoke version of a character that's supposedly driven by a twisted wit and black humour turns out to be a style-challanged two bit criminal with a dullard's delusion of being relevant. Take him out of the movie and it's essentially the same, he's an unwelcome tangent that has no bearing on anything necessary to drive the plot forward - completely understand why there's allegedly lots of him left on the edit room floor, and if he didn't have one or to scenes with Harley I'd understand why he would be cut completely from the film.Brought our 11 year old boy to see it because we enjoyed Man of Steel and loved BvS. He never wants to see this Joker again, was bored nearly to sleep at points. How these characters fit in tonally with the previous two films isn't clear, and how any of them will fit in with future DC films is really questionable.… Expand This movie was a disaster from start to finish. I laughed a lot during this film, and not because it was funny. I am amazed that they paid writers to pen this terribly written cringe-fest of a movie. I rarely leave reviews but really feltThis movie was a disaster from start to finish. I laughed a lot during this film, and not because it was funny. I am amazed that they paid writers to pen this terribly written cringe-fest of a movie. I rarely leave reviews but really felt compelled in this case. I also really don't care about the whole DC vs Marvel fight, I enjoy superheroes regardless of the company that produces them. Saying that, DC cannot seem to make a decent superhero film on the same level that Marvel is able to. These recent movies from DC really seem like disaster after disaster leading up to the ultimate disaster that will most probably be The Justice League.… Expand It is trying hard to be dark but comes across as to light hearted. Making this a PG-13 was mistake.The jokes also fall flat. Harley is a useless with really bad jokes and the movie is all over the place in terms of plot. Do not recommend thisIt is trying hard to be dark but comes across as to light hearted. Making this a PG-13 was mistake.The jokes also fall flat. Harley is a useless with really bad jokes and the movie is all over the place in terms of plot. Do not recommend this movie at all.… Expand How do you even describe this movie? There's no beginning, middle, or end, it's a mish mash of random stuff thrown together with no context or story. The dozens of characters are introduced in a matter of minutes and you're expected to careHow do you even describe this movie? There's no beginning, middle, or end, it's a mish mash of random stuff thrown together with no context or story. The dozens of characters are introduced in a matter of minutes and you're expected to care right away. There's no evolution, no arc, no story, no themes. A waste of time that's what it is.… Expand Generally bad movie aside from a few points. Plot - Them going up against who are basically gods is just an awful choice. Their power and what they are able to do with those powers abruptly stop working when they meet their demise. You'reGenerally bad movie aside from a few points. Plot - Them going up against who are basically gods is just an awful choice. Their power and what they are able to do with those powers abruptly stop working when they meet their demise. You're expected to suspend more than reality but even your sense of fiction that the movie creates for you to believe the ending.- Deadshot's background story is pretty good and Harley's is ok in some points.- It seems like this joker actually loves harley, personally i like the version that uses her as more of a tool while she keeps crawling back with the sense that he actually does love her back. That said the joker scenes were at times cringeworthy and don't make any sense. It seemed as if the director had an image of a scene in mind (the knives circle part from the trailer) and forced his character to that point instead of having an over arching idea in mind. His actions seem absolutely nonsensical, to which you reply "BUT MR RANDOM REVIEWER HE'S THE JOKER" to which i reply the joker always has an end game. Why is he overly flashy and begging attention? why is he killing someone for no reason in public? why the hell does he drive a F&F; 1 throw back lambo with purple underglow? Hell even "the batman" seems like a second thought to his love for harley... until a few scenes he just leaves her. While this is a lot about someone who wasn't the main focus of the movie he was on the forefront of marketing and had more than an end credits cameo. To say "he'll be fleshed out later" isn't a great point because this is what we have now and what we have to judge now is garbage tier. Characters Good (sometimes) - Deadshot/harley... that's it. The characters suffer from the need of the movie to move along fast. It makes the out of no where comments from harley hit home early, but start to fall short quick when they become expected after the 10th time it happens. Garbage - the rest of the cast especially Joel "i have one emotion" Kinneman and Cara "WHAT THE F%$& ARE YOU DOING" Delevingne. Oh honorable mention for Viola Davis who acted her script well but was written into being the actual worst person in the movie, one scene ruins the character and will have you scratching your head. oh, also! who ever was wardrobe should never get a job again and why were scenes dark even in the day time?… Expand this is my first review ever. So lets start.First I gotta say that the main reason for me to go to the movies and watch this film is MARGOT ROBBIE. Second, Im not really a fan of superhero movies, though I know most of the comics, and all that stuff. And third, I Hate Will Smith as an actor. So, the beginning of the film was so damn awful edited, that, to me, it felt like I was watching an extended trailer, WTF???!!Ok we know that the most famous actors in this film were robbie, smith and leto, but man you gotta respect the other characters cuz they're in the squad aswell!!!So WTF with Killer croc!!??Cmon the guy doesnt even talk in the movie, all he tries to do is making roaring faces and walking with "bad behavior" like he is some kind of rapper, so stupid, so for me thats not convincing at all. I really liked The Boomerang guy, though he didnt do much either in the film, oohh thank GOD Tom hardy couldnt be in this film, he saved himself from this s**t!!Rick Flag is just a fuc*** imbecil and useless character. The japanese girl,.....WTF!!??she almost got no lines in the film...So whats with the indian lookalike guy that shows up in the middle of the film just to get killed by an APP!!!??When i watched the trailers I though that Joker would get big screen time, since he is Joker, I was lookin for to watch Jared leto performing the joker since, Heath Ledger did an AMAZING JOB at it, for me waaaay better than Nicholson. So when you hear in the news that Jared acting method was really drastic and sh****** and then you watch the movie and he is in it for like 4 min...what's that all about???So much hype about his commitment to the Joker and he barely appear in this film, what a trash!! I know he wanted to create a fresh Joker, but the result for me was s**^^%&$. Lets get quickly to Smith, so he plays the same character over and over again!!!The same face expressions!!His acting range is SO BASIC and POOR!!!Cara delevigne was so embarrasing acting like the witch ......The other villain also WTF!!?? I wonder why screenwriters put POWERFULL villans that destroy cities and when it comes to defeat the Squad, it all comes down to pushing,boxing and kicking,WTF!!!Thats so annoying and its an insult to the audience intelligence!!!why the villains doesnt use their ALL POWER SET and kill the Squad???Its basically gods against humans!!!whats the ability of Killer Croc???!!Ohh I know, just diving....and **** Margot was an 8/10 in performance, there were times that was a little bit stupid, but most of the film she was good, besides its so freshing for me, Ive never seen her play a character like this. The only reason i will get this film is because of Margot, god shes really hot!!!Its a shame,  I really wanted to love this film but I couldnt, its full of cliches, specially in the fnal act. El Diablo was ok but the scene where he says ByE with flames in the air was so childish and dumb!!… Expand Definitely not worth your time. Plot has 0 significance and is not elaborated upon at all, entire movie is character backstory and development. Only really two memorable characters, and Jared Leto's Joker only gets like 10 minutes of screenDefinitely not worth your time. Plot has 0 significance and is not elaborated upon at all, entire movie is character backstory and development. Only really two memorable characters, and Jared Leto's Joker only gets like 10 minutes of screen time. Wish I could have my money back, this movie was a huge dissappointment.… Expand I want everyone to go watch this movie, because I want there to be legitimate reviews on this site instead of dupe accounts trying to provide positive feedback. A film student could have provided a better cut of scenes than this 'product',I want everyone to go watch this movie, because I want there to be legitimate reviews on this site instead of dupe accounts trying to provide positive feedback. A film student could have provided a better cut of scenes than this 'product', I'm appalled that this piece of **** is considered acceptable, by the same studios that brought us the masterpiece that was Harry Potter. I am ashamed to have watched this.… Expand "Cookie cutter" plot, uninspired dialogue, bland repetitive action scenes, cringe worthy stereotypes, and too much Will Smith even for a Will Smith movie. It was ridiculously predictable and full of cringe worthy stereotypes and clichés. The"Cookie cutter" plot, uninspired dialogue, bland repetitive action scenes, cringe worthy stereotypes, and too much Will Smith even for a Will Smith movie. It was ridiculously predictable and full of cringe worthy stereotypes and clichés. The new joker is now a petty, materialistic "gangsta" who likes to drive sports cars and hang out at strip clubs. God it was bad. The main bad guy is a witch, her mummy brother and an army of golems. It was more irritating and cringe worthy than boring, but there is plenty of boring.… Expand Well, my worst movie of the summer. I'll come back to this and elaborate, but right now, I think this movie is like hitting an air duster. It will make you stupider. I mean people wanted to shut down Rotten Tomatoes.  **** hell, it is anWell, my worst movie of the summer. I'll come back to this and elaborate, but right now, I think this movie is like hitting an air duster. It will make you stupider. I mean people wanted to shut down Rotten Tomatoes.  **** hell, it is an aggregator, like this one.… Expand My expectations after Batman V Superman were pretty low when going to see this film. Even by that, I was still not impressed. The movie is just a mess of plot holes and corny jokes, and worst of all, the Joker wasn't even worth the hype.My expectations after Batman V Superman were pretty low when going to see this film. Even by that, I was still not impressed. The movie is just a mess of plot holes and corny jokes, and worst of all, the Joker wasn't even worth the hype. Batman was cool though.… Expand Just dumb. Sometimes dumb can be fun – and parts of this movie are fun, but most of it is stupid and irritating. The premise is completely flawed. Firstly, they are supposed to be the “worst of the worst” – but Deadshot is just not that nasty, he is just Will Smith. Captain Boomerang is just an Australian thug. They are more comical than menacing.Secondly, the team is formed to deal with a Superman-level threat … really? A psycho-girl with a baseball bat? A man who can climb? A man who throws boomerangs? Even Deadshot’s bullets or Diablo’s flames would not give Superman a second’s pause.(And some of them have already been dealt with by other meta-humans – so how are they a credible threat?) So, from the off, this flawed premise bugged me throughout the movie & caused me to pick holes. Yes, Harley Quinn is entertaining – but mostly because Robbie is so cute. Some of her lines are funny, but equally some are forced and predictable.Will Smith is likeable in his role, but that’s kind of the problem. The Joker is not menacing enough – he is creepy, but about as scary as Marilyn Manson. He is an irritating poser. Flagg is wet and awful, Boomerang a joke, Katana a cardboard stereotype. Diablo has some pathos, but it is clumsily handled. Really, none of the characters have time to develop. They just change from supposedly bad guys to heroes without any convincing progression involved. The plot is a mess. Whenever it starts to get going, it cuts away to another flashback or a scene intended to show the characters bonding – but it doesn’t work. It merely interrupts the flow. And when we do get to the Ghostbusters-style climax, it is unengaging. Too much CGI. A depressingly inevitability about how it will pan out. We know Diablo will join the fight.We know Harley is not really selling-out to Enchantress – it is never believable for a moment (especially when there is a meaningful shot of Katana’s sword).Everything thing is telegraphed and drawn-out. So, it was more fun than BvS – but in its own way, just as bad. No logic, poorly plotted, unconvincing characters and motivations. Just a bit funnier. Does any of this matter? It’s just a superhero movie.Yes, it does matter! We know great superhero movies can be made.We know some can be fun, yet coherent.We know others can be serious – and coherent.So why can’t Warner Bros achieve this? So, I’m afraid after “Man of Steel”, “Batman vs Superman” and now “Suicide Squad” I am well and truly done with DC.(“Legends of Tomorrow” really didn’t help either!)… Expand No Spoilers...  Just watched the movie and for me it can be summed up in one word.  Dumb.   There were some good elements but overall it felt really dumb.  Probably because of the reshoots and choice in editing. If you're a huge fan of DCNo Spoilers...  Just watched the movie and for me it can be summed up in one word.  Dumb.   There were some good elements but overall it felt really dumb.  Probably because of the reshoots and choice in editing. If you're a huge fan of DC or just really dig on comic book movies  then go see it.  You most likely have already.  However if your more a fan of good story telling over action and popcorn, or if you're seriously trying to decide where to spend your money I would recommend you save your money. Without a doubt the best parts of the movie was the acting for the characters Deadshot, Harley Quin, and Amanda Waller.   The effects were fine, the action was ok and over all I didn't find the movie boring the way X-men Apocalypse was. The down side was the repetitive intro sequence, the characters they tossed in without any setup (Slipknot and Katana), overuse of flashback (and side flash) to keep the joker involved in a movie where he didn't really belong, and generally a movie that goes from zero (we're over here) to 60 (now we're over there) without taking any time to really develop a good story to place us there.    There's plenty of other things to nit-pic but I'll refrain from spoilers. My biggest hang up that I noticed during the entire run of the movie were all the moments where the movie tried to make me feel 'bad for' sympathetic towards these anti-heros.  All the time I felt like someone was hammering me over the head with back story or motivations to try to make me like these murderers, gangsters, and thieves.   I'd have rather they been despicable people but maybe give us an even more despicable adversary or event that makes us want to root for them. Unlike a lot of other comic book movies that I could stand to rewatch multiple times, this is one of those that I would have to take a pass on that second time around.… Expand Bad dialogue, worst of all the Joker's. Poor Leto, had to compensate by overacting. Choppy story line, under utilization of characters. The Joker is not your average gangsta' thug up in da club (almost as bad as the BvS Luthor- who ratherBad dialogue, worst of all the Joker's. Poor Leto, had to compensate by overacting. Choppy story line, under utilization of characters. The Joker is not your average gangsta' thug up in da club (almost as bad as the BvS Luthor- who rather than be an evil genius, he was turned into a lunatic).Lastly: Hey, screenplay geniuses, you don't pit super powered villains against regular people- no matter how bad ass they are.… Expand Bad. This movie expects you to care about the plot and the characters, WITHOUT GIVING you a REASON to care about the plot and it's characters. Shaky shaky shaky camera during fight scenes. Humor was not funny. This movie just missed the markBad. This movie expects you to care about the plot and the characters, WITHOUT GIVING you a REASON to care about the plot and it's characters. Shaky shaky shaky camera during fight scenes. Humor was not funny. This movie just missed the mark on about everything it set out to do. I am depressed, I was looking forward to this mess.… Expand This movie is made for children.I got dumber watching this monstrosity. I loved barely being able to see the movie, it's literally dark.It's like they put a black screen on the entire movie.
I'm glad I had trouble seeing it, because itThis movie is made for children.I got dumber watching this monstrosity. I loved barely being able to see the movie, it's literally dark.It's like they put a black screen on the entire movie.I'm glad I had trouble seeing it, because it had the most awkward dialogue in history.If you are below the age of 10, go ahead and watch this, you'll enjoy it.Anyone older will see a theatrical travesty.… Expand I did not expect so much from that movie but I had a hope.First at all I want to tell Dc fans that you have to have critical thinking regardless it is your favorite universe. I do understand that everyone have different opinions but thatI did not expect so much from that movie but I had a hope.First at all I want to tell Dc fans that you have to have critical thinking regardless it is your favorite universe. I do understand that everyone have different opinions but that movie has obvious problems in story and in cinematography as well, specially editing.That movie should be all about characters, Of Course it is hard to tell deep story of  every character in that 2 hours movie( should be longer). But they could not nail anyone. Really, look even on joker which is really poorly played by Jared Leto. Leto is playing just thug freak, without any psychological playing.Harley and DeadShot were OK, better than most of the crew. Main villain is most generic thing among comic book movies, without any clear motivation.DISSAPOINTING… Expand It's almost like the DCEU is falling into a deep dark hole and allowing the Marvel films to take over the superhero genre. Suicide Squad is yet another downfall of the DC films since 'Batman v. Superman.' It has the potential to be somethingIt's almost like the DCEU is falling into a deep dark hole and allowing the Marvel films to take over the superhero genre. Suicide Squad is yet another downfall of the DC films since 'Batman v. Superman.' It has the potential to be something great, but it's treated by director who doesn't exactly know what he's doing. It's meaningless plot makes the film a gigantic mess and it almost felt like I was wasting two hours of my summer. In other words, this film has no purpose what so ever. There are only a few character that possess that characterization they need, but a few is not good enough. These are great comic-book characters with great backstories, they should've been treated with a lot of dedication and care. Like I said, the directional spot may have been the incorrect chose for the Suicide Squad.… Expand Just a really terrible movie. The previews had me fairly excited, but the movie is laughably bad. There is a character who has the special ability to "climb anything." Impressive. Another is good at throwing boomerangs... Then you have some other people, a self-righteous Will Smith, faceless waves of monsters, margo robbie getting more screen time than the world should allow, some really bad acting and yes, an embarrassing Joker. The tone changes constantly, the villain is rudderless and ineffective, and the mechanism running the entire plot is an app, on a smartphone. Oh, and a character keeps top secret information in a back-to-school binder labeled "TOP SECRET," and it is not a joke.… Expand WOW! WHAT UTTER RUBBISH!!! Seriously, this is one of the worst actionhero movies I have ever seen... nope, it is THE worst. An abysmalinsult to the intelligence of an average person. Every move is totally
predictable. It is filled withWOW! WHAT UTTER RUBBISH!!! Seriously, this is one of the worst actionhero movies I have ever seen... nope, it is THE worst. An abysmalinsult to the intelligence of an average person. Every move is totallypredictable. It is filled with clichés and has absolutely nothing onecould say in it's favour. The roles played by the villain heroes wereall cardboard cut-outs and you felt you could write their next linebefore they even spoke it, it was THAT BAD. One becomes so conscious ofthe contrived, staged nature of this "badass team" that you can almosthear the director/hairstylist/set dresser running around just offcamera. Suspended belief is usually because a story is so fantasticalthat you make allowances for the way laws of physics can be broken, andyou still become enchanted, wrapped up in a movie that has merit. Thismovie has none, and the suspended belief I found myself having toconstantly endure and overcome was the belief that this was a storyworth caring about. So shallow and vacuous is this plot that all youcan see is a movie that fails dismally at drawing you in. I did notcare at all about the characters, their loved ones, their children...1/10 is generous.… Expand Yet again the incompetent hack writer/director here proves beyond any doubt to be utterly unfit to be directing any kind of feature films.  This wretched, miserably boring mess is an inexcusable masquerade for a motion picture.  It shows aYet again the incompetent hack writer/director here proves beyond any doubt to be utterly unfit to be directing any kind of feature films.  This wretched, miserably boring mess is an inexcusable masquerade for a motion picture.  It shows a total lack of story craft that is typical of this idiot's sloppy work.  The characters are weak and unmotivated.  The story begins about half a dozen repetitive times and launches into pronounced music video style song over and over ad nauseam.  Talk about a lack of cadence, dynamics, and most importantly structure!As for annoying details, somebody tell the moron that when you flash up a lot of text on screen it needs to stay up at least for a few seconds so some of the audience can read just some of it.  It's annoying as s--- how fast it's cut and shows a lack of perceptual understanding of cinema.  Nor do the jackass producers and no balls monkey studio execs understand this or are asleep at the F------ wheel as is so typical these days!  Worthless dopes.  And tell numb nuts wearing the director hat that when you have only machine guns firing then show lasers everywhere it's not cool, but dumb.  Very dumb.  Tracers do not ever look like that.  He did the same thing in the lousy, unrealistic "Fury" which was almost as boring as this junk due to a complete lack of storytelling ability.This thing is so embarrassingly bad, in another era it would have been unreleasable.  The monkeys in charge today not only hire proven incompetents but are so focused on the opening box office which they know the brand will deliver that they don't even bother to question obvious flaws.  We are in the age of mindless auto-manufacture of motion pictures. If you care about movies you should rail against the stream of s--- now becoming par for the course in Hollywood.  It's sad how far the bar has been lowered for today's audience who seem to just go along with what Hollywood dishes out like a flock of grazing sheep.  These zombies ruin the level of quality for the rest of us.  The morons on here who like this movie because they like the comic book should actually be the ones crying foul the loudest that it was utterly ruined by hacks, but instead they stick up for it because... well they're mostly morons. The black light neon bright titles in the movie got me good and are the only element I liked whatsoever.  Too bad they're blown on such a pitiful waste.… Expand There isn't nothing good, in this film. NOTHING. Harley Quinn is sexy, ok, but very, VERY, V E R Y  annoying character. The actors are good but the scenography is the worst I ever seen. The Suicide Squad aren't superheroes: they are 5 idiotThere isn't nothing good, in this film. NOTHING. Harley Quinn is sexy, ok, but very, VERY, V E R Y  annoying character. The actors are good but the scenography is the worst I ever seen. The Suicide Squad aren't superheroes: they are 5 idiot without any type of objective. One of the most bad, annoying, boring,and you can't save    NOTHING in that film.… Expand I cannot recall seeing such a bad film since Cabin in The Woods, this was a shockingly bad film and I just cannot understand any positive reviews. Margo Robbie almost carries the film but even towards the end she can't do nothing with theI cannot recall seeing such a bad film since Cabin in The Woods, this was a shockingly bad film and I just cannot understand any positive reviews. Margo Robbie almost carries the film but even towards the end she can't do nothing with the awful writing, directing and just plot of the film. Terrible terrible.… Expand I'll keep it simple because the DCEU has worn me out. This movie is awful. The action is generic, the plot is a barebones hodgepodge, a lot of the dialogue is bad, the villain is silly and many of the music / scene pairings are baffling. ItI'll keep it simple because the DCEU has worn me out. This movie is awful. The action is generic, the plot is a barebones hodgepodge, a lot of the dialogue is bad, the villain is silly and many of the music / scene pairings are baffling. It has a few cool characters like Deadshot, although he is more Will Smith then comic Floyd Lawton, Harely, but many of her jokes are flat, and Diablo, who has a strange new power at the end. The Joker is just bad. He has no point in the movie, I hate his look, I hate his laugh, I hate him using his mouth tattoo in front of his own mouth. He's more of a gangbanger with a weird gimmick. Oh, all the conflicts including the finale could have been dealt with by regular soldiers and a rocket launcher. lol… Expand Even after hearing the negative reviews, I was still going to give this show the benefit of the doubt and go in with an open mind. Now that I've seen it, I can see where they were coming from. Lots of plot holes, very little of the Joker whenEven after hearing the negative reviews, I was still going to give this show the benefit of the doubt and go in with an open mind. Now that I've seen it, I can see where they were coming from. Lots of plot holes, very little of the Joker when he was used in all of the promo stuff, and the extreme focus on Will Smith and Margo Robbie's characters to the point where everyone else was pushed to the side till they were conveniently needed, it made me upset that I had actually paid for this at the end of the day. One thing you can see pretty obviously is where the re-shoots started and ended. That's a very bad thing in my book as it gave the story some disjointed spots that felt extremely out of place. At the end of the day, it's another dud from the DC universe and it's getting very disheartening to see where things are going. This movie franchise doesn't seem to have a direction it wants to go during the movie itself. Just a bad way of trying to tie all the movies together for the Justice League coming next year. While Wonder Woman looks to be the best shot the universe has of finally giving us a decent movie, this one is a bore fest and should be skipped by all but the most dedicated of fans of the title characters.… Expand I went to see this with my brothers and we left utterly disappointed. The word generic comes in to mind in every way. The plot, characters, forced humor, sound track and overall feel of the film was just poorly executed in every way. TheI went to see this with my brothers and we left utterly disappointed. The word generic comes in to mind in every way. The plot, characters, forced humor, sound track and overall feel of the film was just poorly executed in every way. The characters also made zero sense and didn't follow the comics at all. No spoilers but if you watch it, keep in mind these people are supposed to be the BAD GUYS. They are super villains and psychopaths. Bottom of society sort of people so why do they make so many good choices? Very confusing. The film in my opinion was propped up by very solid performances from Joker and Boomerang.… Expand Wow, what a letdown... I see that they at least hit the PG-13 mark, since only kids in that age could think this mess is good. Here in Norway kids all the way down to 8 years can watch this movie at the cinema. So it will be fun for them.Wow, what a letdown... I see that they at least hit the PG-13 mark, since only kids in that age could think this mess is good. Here in Norway kids all the way down to 8 years can watch this movie at the cinema. So it will be fun for them. What enormous waste of a cool concept, characters, talent, etc etc...… Expand Simply not a good movie some ok action scenes but they fail because of the following: Bad Lighting - Movie is badly lit throughout.It is dark even when there should be better lighting I think they used some filters to make it look darker.Simply not a good movie some ok action scenes but they fail because of the following: Bad Lighting - Movie is badly lit throughout.It is dark even when there should be better lighting I think they used some filters to make it look darker. Bad Directing - Scenes are badly framed and badly setup. Without giving away too much: The whole Harley dressing scene is just pointless and badly framed within the movie, it looked better in the context of the trailer. Bad Editing - The flow of the movie is just off it is either slow or abrupt throughout. They take their time to setup some characters but others barely get any setup. Bad Acting - All of Harley Queen lines fell flat for me (And I thought I would like her since I like the actress). A lot of lines were badly delivered by the other actors. Will Smith is still great with the material given but his character did not make much sense, he is a bad guy but tries to act like a good guy that is forced to do some bad things throughout the movie. None of the bad guys was really playing a bad guy. Pointless nonsense of a plot. We are assembling a team of bad guys that can do some good but ups one of our bad guys is the reason why we end up needing that team for. On top of it the character who is supposedly controlling the bad guys is a bad guy (who does the most evil deeds) and she for some reason looses her decisiveness so this movie can take place. Not watching another movie by the same people again. Fool me twice that is it.… Expand This is the first superhero movie (eh...villiain?) that I dozed off.The plot is very messy in my oponion. The characters are indeed interesting and have room to develop but they were not explored and soon faded into the background. TheThis is the first superhero movie (eh...villiain?) that I dozed off.The plot is very messy in my oponion. The characters are indeed interesting and have room to develop but they were not explored and soon faded into the background. The antagonist choice is also weird. Why do you have a group full of mortals that have only super skills like throwing or shooting but doesn't have any superpower (except Diablo, his power is pretty cool) going up against a powerful, full of magic villian? Don't you need at least a few of those who have superpower to deal with that? I think it will be more interesting if they busting the whole org of mafia or some underworld gangs in my oponion. The humour is quite alright I guess. But some are a little bit cringy. And again, the plot is very messy. After watching this movie, I feel very conflicted whether it is meh or just bad. But one thing I would admit though, DC's PR team is incredibly good. They already sold out the movie even before it released. They made awesome trailers, tons of promotion works and successfully make everyone hype as f. Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad, even Marvel's PR team seems useless compared to them. So +1 to DC's PR team.… Expand Within the first five minutes of this movie you can already tell that it is going to be a shambled mess, which is disheartening, because I had high hopes for this movie at one point. For me, the most glaring problem with this film is itsWithin the first five minutes of this movie you can already tell that it is going to be a shambled mess, which is disheartening, because I had high hopes for this movie at one point. For me, the most glaring problem with this film is its abundance of characters juxtaposed with little to no characterization for much of the cast.… Expand I found the characters quite boring, to be honest. Harley Quinn really doesn't do anything in this movie aside from undressing and showing off her body. I would have loved to get more backstory on Katana and the crocodile guy, but apparentlyI found the characters quite boring, to be honest. Harley Quinn really doesn't do anything in this movie aside from undressing and showing off her body. I would have loved to get more backstory on Katana and the crocodile guy, but apparently Harley's **** were more important… Expand There are just sooooo many **** things I could say about this film, but in the interest of time and energy I will sum up.  David Ayer had a vision that we wanted to create, and he didn't care who's intellectual property he had to **** allThere are just sooooo many **** things I could say about this film, but in the interest of time and energy I will sum up.  David Ayer had a vision that we wanted to create, and he didn't care who's intellectual property he had to **** all over to make it.  This is worse the Wolverine Origins, words I thought i would never hear myself say.… Expand Wow, I watched this pure steamer right till the end, and I didnt get anything for it!  No indurance prize, no recognition, I just sat blank faced wondering how WB manage to release such a crock of ship without anyone really saying at anypointWow, I watched this pure steamer right till the end, and I didnt get anything for it!  No indurance prize, no recognition, I just sat blank faced wondering how WB manage to release such a crock of ship without anyone really saying at anypoint in production "hangon, are we not making a terrible movie?" or "Surely the audience won't swallow this hack of a film after enduring BatmanVSSuperman would they?" There's an undertone in the set up of this film of propoganda.  The less than subtle approach of America to say "Hey, we can use terrorists to defend our country"  whilst America is funding Saudi war on Yemen, funding terrorists they were fighting against in Afghanastan, and funding ISIS in Syria vs Assad. Sorry - I don't mean to get political, but the obvious propaganda is strong in this one… Expand What a crappy production work, all the scenes cut on the wrong moment and the wrong order, the main plot didn't make much sense, they picked great songs are used it horrible wrong.The neon graffity thing ended up being out of place becauseWhat a crappy production work, all the scenes cut on the wrong moment and the wrong order, the main plot didn't make much sense, they picked great songs are used it horrible wrong.The neon graffity thing ended up being out of place because only appeared at the beggining, like if it were part of another film or added in the middle of the production, personally wouldn't use it in a movie but would look great on a video game.Most of the characters were underdeveloped because lack of "participation" and the ones that got time were not even close of the animated version, the writing was avarage but of the time was plain bad and hard to care about.The actors did a respetable job nothing to complain but the material didn't give them much to work with. Except Cara Delevingne, she shouldn't keep acting.I'm giving a extra point because the credit scene was awesome.… Expand Who: Will Smith, Jordan Belfort's hot wife, 30 Seconds to Mars, and several B Actors as everyone else in the movieWhat: 2 hours of nonsense more pointless than Ghost RiderWhere: The unforgivably boring DC Cinematic Universe
When (Can IWho: Will Smith, Jordan Belfort's hot wife, 30 Seconds to Mars, and several B Actors as everyone else in the movieWhat: 2 hours of nonsense more pointless than Ghost RiderWhere: The unforgivably boring DC Cinematic UniverseWhen (Can I watch this again): Never. Never watch this again. I would sooner join a real life squad where the members actually killed themselves.Why: If you thought Batman Vs. Superman was bad, just wait until you're exposed to pointless cameos, cliche action sequences, and the most anticlimactic Joker storyline ever fathomed.… Expand Margot Robbie gives a nuanced character performance. Nothing else about this scrapheap of a film is worth your time or your dollar. The incoherent and nonsensical story is badly directed and poorly edited, and aside from Robbie all the castMargot Robbie gives a nuanced character performance. Nothing else about this scrapheap of a film is worth your time or your dollar. The incoherent and nonsensical story is badly directed and poorly edited, and aside from Robbie all the cast are phoning it in. The film-makers are insulting the intelligence of the audience in almost every scene.… Expand What a waste of characters. Bad casting,  horribly edited, and a villain just as bad as what we got in BvS. Not to mention a story that was written in about 5 minutes.  Suicide Squad is a how not to make a team up movie. Will Smith is NOTWhat a waste of characters. Bad casting,  horribly edited, and a villain just as bad as what we got in BvS. Not to mention a story that was written in about 5 minutes.  Suicide Squad is a how not to make a team up movie. Will Smith is NOT Deadshot period. Three films into their cinematic universe and DC has STUNK up the theater each and every time. At least fans will always have the source material to take the bad taste from their mouth. WB reboot this so called DCEU as soon as possible, PLEASE.… Expand Little can be saved in the film. Unfortunately. Will behaving like most of his previous characters and with the worst speeches of the film

A soundtrack very good but completely disconnected with the scenes presented.

Glad we hadLittle can be saved in the film. Unfortunately. Will behaving like most of his previous characters and with the worst speeches of the film A soundtrack very good but completely disconnected with the scenes presented. Glad we had Joker (some of it) and Margot Robbie. Warner and DC still has a long way to go.… Expand The first half felt more like a giant trailer / compilation for other films that we're not actually watching. Very bizarre. The second half was confusing as to what the villains plan was. Maybe there's a good movie in there somewhere, butThe first half felt more like a giant trailer / compilation for other films that we're not actually watching. Very bizarre. The second half was confusing as to what the villains plan was. Maybe there's a good movie in there somewhere, but this isn't that version. Plus, the Joker was both underused and also a horrible performance, which may have prompted it being mostly cut out.… Expand Ew. This movie is plain out bad and an absolute mess. Jared Leto is great as the Joker but not given any time to shine. The best character was El Diablo because he was played very down to earth by Jay Hernandez and actually HAD a story arc.Ew. This movie is plain out bad and an absolute mess. Jared Leto is great as the Joker but not given any time to shine. The best character was El Diablo because he was played very down to earth by Jay Hernandez and actually HAD a story arc. Most of the cast did well in their roles, especially Viola Davis, Will Smith, and Jai Courtney. However they couldn't even save this movie. It was chopped to all but pieces, had weird infused acid trips which suddenly died out after the first forty five minutes, and over all almost no character chemistry nor arcs in the entire thing. Though I did enjoy some scenes, it still wasn't enough to save this movie.… Expand Forgetting the fact that i am a complete nerd in comics and know every character, but judging the movie as an independent story... it is still pretty bad.Half of the movie was just plain stalling the viewers, with awful and uselessForgetting the fact that i am a complete nerd in comics and know every character, but judging the movie as an independent story... it is still pretty bad.Half of the movie was just plain stalling the viewers, with awful and useless characters such as "captain boomerang" or "killer croc" who just stood there looking while people got killed, viewers didnt get to know anything about most of the characters, deadshot was the only character that i felt was good, i would say harley quinn, but that ending scene when she says "dont hurt my friends" was just cringy so i cant give a goood score with that in mind...The villain (enchantress) felt just like a filler, just a bad guy so they can kill and get together as the suicide squad...Neverminding the fact that its an action and superhero movie, its still pretty terrible... 3/10… Expand I'm not sure why Hollywood likes to put all it's effort into special effects over story. This was the biggest pile of crap I've seen in a long time. The story was paper-thin and the special effects made me yawn. With one bullet from herI'm not sure why Hollywood likes to put all it's effort into special effects over story. This was the biggest pile of crap I've seen in a long time. The story was paper-thin and the special effects made me yawn. With one bullet from her pistol, Harley was killing monsters that had entire assault rifles emptied into them with no effect. Come on WB, we're more intelligent than that. Take a page from Luc Besson and the Fifth Element. You can have a high-adrenalin special effects movie that does have a storyline.… Expand It feels bad to be sad.. Bad aspects:

- The Joker is a well loved and extremely difficult character to portray on screen. I noticed how much energy Leto has given to this character and it really shows off so I have to give him props forIt feels bad to be sad.. Bad aspects: - The Joker is a well loved and extremely difficult character to portray on screen. I noticed how much energy Leto has given to this character and it really shows off so I have to give him props for it. That being said, this film would be exactly the same if he didn't appear in it, there would be no noticeable difference to the plot. Which means that this character was a complete waste and has no business being in this film. - Will Smith just plays himself during the entirety of this film and if you have watched any other Will Smith film you know what I am talking about. He just plays himself in every movie he's been in and it really is getting tedious at this point. - Pacing: Suicide Squad is a little over 2 hours and it felt like I was already watching it for a full 2 hours halfway into the movie. - Rick Flag portrayed by Joel Kinnaman was rather poorly by my taste. I didn’t buy the ‘can do anything soldier’ attitude and his acting was also mediocre at best. The romance between him and Cara Delevingne’s Enchantress was also way too forced and quite poorly portrayed. The pair had no chemistry between them and left much to be desired. - Generic antagonist plot. The main villain is Enchantress played by Cara Delevingne who wants total world domination by turning every citizen into a generic monsteresque minion which can’t think for itself. That has never been done before. Good aspects: - Viola Davis as Amanda Waller offers a spot on portrayal of the character and is true to the comics. I was very pleased to see a portrayal that wasn’t complete bollocks, yes, I am referring to ‘Arrow’. - El Diablo played by Jay Hernandez has a well thought out origin of why he is afraid to use his powers. But however it doesn’t explain how he got his powers. He was one of the better things the movie had to offer. - Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn is a must see portrayal and it is honestly one of the few pillars that can barely keep the movie from falling into an abyss of awful. Her character keeps true to it’s source material and is an overall great performance. So Suide Squad had major flaws that can not be overlooked but it also has some good elements. So my final verdict on this movie is that it was a complete waste of my time and money and I do not recommend it.… Expand Suicide Squad was another highly anticipated superhero movie (alongside Batman v Superman, Deadpool, Captain America: Civil War and X-Men: Apocalypse) and, in short, it's about a group of bad-guys who are sent to defeat a threatening enemy.Suicide Squad was another highly anticipated superhero movie (alongside Batman v Superman, Deadpool, Captain America: Civil War and X-Men: Apocalypse) and, in short, it's about a group of bad-guys who are sent to defeat a threatening enemy. There's one catch though: This is seriously the most disappointing thing I've seen all year.Let's begin with the trailers, which were tonally misleading, that excited everyone for this movie, including me. While watching the movie, it seems as if the studio was rushing to put this thing together. In fact, pretty much all the movie's problems can be linked to the hurried creation of this movie. I'll elaborate on the problems below.The first 40 minutes is all exposition, but it is so clumsy, I could have sworn the movie should have started with the helicopter crashing. I would rather have scenes of the characters discussing their past and the time spent in maximum security rather than this extra long opening narration. The characters are near life-less with a tiny character arc that comes off as cliché more than anything else. I haven't even gotten to all the confusing plot points in this movie, but that's how poorly constructed it is.Even with bits of humor, good acting, and some good action, one can only glimpse at the potential that this movie had to succeed. Everything went wrong way too fast, resulting in a sloppy mess that warrants a seal of expendability.… Expand What really disappointed me was the whole entire story. Although it was supported by its talented actors, it had shoddy directing. Two hours felt like twenty minutes; nothing happened in the movie. And using anti-heroes doesn't make up forWhat really disappointed me was the whole entire story. Although it was supported by its talented actors, it had shoddy directing. Two hours felt like twenty minutes; nothing happened in the movie. And using anti-heroes doesn't make up for the fact that its not interesting.… Expand I´ve red bad reviews about it but did not mind a because I love comic book movies and the trailers looked awesome, like a lot of fun. Well, I´ve watched the movie and found it to be an awful movie. No fun at all, no coherence story. Just aI´ve red bad reviews about it but did not mind a because I love comic book movies and the trailers looked awesome, like a lot of fun. Well, I´ve watched the movie and found it to be an awful movie. No fun at all, no coherence story. Just a few nice moments of Harley Queen is the best of it. The Joker... this is the most unfunny Joker ever. What a waste of time!… Expand I was incredibly hyped for this movie- and I was incredibly let down. This movie is a gimmick. The fact that will smith gets more screen time than the joker is absurd. I kid you not, the Joker gets a maximum of twelve, maybe fifteen minutesI was incredibly hyped for this movie- and I was incredibly let down. This movie is a gimmick. The fact that will smith gets more screen time than the joker is absurd. I kid you not, the Joker gets a maximum of twelve, maybe fifteen minutes of screen time in this movie. Acting was decent, I'll give it that. But nothing really happened in the entire movie. They killed some people, defeated an evil being. WOOOOO. Guess that passes off as a triple A title now, does it. Its not a bad movie on its own- but with the hype and info surrounding the movie, and how big of a let down it was to so many people, I give it a failing score. Not even its gimmicky soundtrack could save it. Their use of songs like "Seven Nation Army" and "Bohemian Rhapsody" were poor attempts to capture the young audiences, which failed miserably. I was incredibly let down by this movie, and if they make a sequel, I cannot justify spending money to go see it.… Expand I really wanted to like this movie, the misleading trailer was brilliant and Margot Robbie and Jared Leto looked amazing. But let me warn you now the trailer is a lie! This movie was not enjoyable and seemed to lack any coherent scenesI really wanted to like this movie, the misleading trailer was brilliant and Margot Robbie and Jared Leto looked amazing. But let me warn you now the trailer is a lie! This movie was not enjoyable and seemed to lack any coherent scenes instead blending into one hour and half long scene. Also plot holes, how did Viola Davis get away with killing those soldiers and she seemed to randomly materialise at the end of this movie. This has been talked about a lot but where was the Joker, he was in the movie for about five minutes. I suppose the soundtrack was fun though.… Expand Never being a fan of DC cinematic universe, I can say after watching this  movie that I will  never hurt my eyes again. It was very misleading especially as the it had a great cast but I was left thoroughly disappointed. Not to mention theNever being a fan of DC cinematic universe, I can say after watching this  movie that I will  never hurt my eyes again. It was very misleading especially as the it had a great cast but I was left thoroughly disappointed. Not to mention the flashing lights and the confusing story line made it seem like there was no effort put into this big budget film. What happened? Only one positive I can think of was that the Joker was Jared Leto who had a brief cameo like  appearance.… Expand When the first trailer dropped for Suicide Squad, it looked like DC were making their very own version of Guardians of the Galaxy, with a quippy band of thieves and killers being sent on a mission to defeat a world-destroying threat. This ledWhen the first trailer dropped for Suicide Squad, it looked like DC were making their very own version of Guardians of the Galaxy, with a quippy band of thieves and killers being sent on a mission to defeat a world-destroying threat. This led us to believe the movie would be as fun and enjoyable as Guardians. Unfortunately, we were wrong, as the finished product is the messiest, most inconsistent and poorly paced DCEU movie yet.I’ll start with my two major issues with this movie, which are tone and pacing. The movie goes from being dark and gritty to being fun and colourful, and feels like two completely different versions of the same movie mashed into one. The first trailer was even a lot darker then the ones to come, with a more sinister feel, while the second and third trailers were bright, colourful, and more like Guardians of the Galaxy. So you can tell DC weren’t sure which to go for, so to please both audiences they crammed both versions into one, which was a huge mistake. And as for pacing, this movie tries to tell about five different stories at once, from the Joker-Harley dynamic to Deadshot’s relationship with his daughter to the Squad’s mission itself. The movie goes from randomly inserted flashbacks to over-the-top action sequences to pop-song montages, while also trying to introduce us to all the characters and what crimes they’ve committed and all their personal vendettas, and so on. For instance, the character of Katana has a sword that traps the souls pf her victims, and her husband is imprisoned in it because her enemies killed him with it. I mean, WTF?! That’s an entire movie worth of material Warner Bros. could have made, but instead crammed it into a movie alongside the Joker-Harley dynamic, Rick Flag’s romance with Enchantress, Deadshot’s vendetta with Batman, and so many more unnecessary side-stories. And if a movie is all over the place like that, I can’t enjoy it and it ruins the film-going experience for me. There are also too many conveniences in the plot, and details the studio gloss over, which just frustrates me even more.And now, before I get into what I like about this movie, I just have to say a few words about Enchantress and the Joker. Enchantress can be grouped up with all those disposable Marvel villains in the sense that she is a forgettable, one-dimensional threat who can be disposed of after one movie. Cara Delevigne’s performance was awful, as she danced in front of a massive beam of energy shooting into the sky (seriously, how many times have we seen that in superhero movies?) with a ridiculous booming voice. And her brother was just the most one-dimensional, poorly rendered CGI monstrosity in recent memory. And as for the Joker, Jared Leto destroyed what the Joker stands for. Instead of wanting chaos and carnage, this Joker is all about bling and power. It didn’t help that he had nothing to do with the movie, and could have been cut out without effecting the movie at all. The fact that this is our Joker for the next many years makes me lose faith in DC.But now that I’ve gotten the cons out of the way, may I just say that the only two things about this movie that make it watchable are Margot Robbie and Will Smith as Harley Quinn and Deadshot respectively. These characters were the only two DC bothered to flesh out, with the best performances and scenes. Viola Davis also did a good job as Amanda Waller, but she wasn’t in enough of the movie as I would have liked.Suicide Squad is the worst movie in the DCEU to date, with a mostly forgettable cast of characters, an inconsistent tone and an even worse structure than Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice.… Expand this movie was the biggest disappointment of the year, there, i said it. The villain was total crap, it had huge plot holes, the jared leto joker was one of the worst adaptations of the joker i've ever seen and the whole movie felt like athis movie was the biggest disappointment of the year, there, i said it. The villain was total crap, it had huge plot holes, the jared leto joker was one of the worst adaptations of the joker i've ever seen and the whole movie felt like a huge mistake, the only thing i liked about this movie was the soundtrack, and i also liked two characters: Deadshot and Amanda Waller, but other than that i think that the movie was total crap.… Expand Just a horrible movie. Stupid but not in a likeable way. It's really saying something when Jai Courteney is the most likeable thing in your film.could of been redeemed as at least mindless fun with a bada$$ ending....but we all know how thatJust a horrible movie. Stupid but not in a likeable way. It's really saying something when Jai Courteney is the most likeable thing in your film.could of been redeemed as at least mindless fun with a bada$$ ending....but we all know how that turned out.....… Expand watched this at the cinema and would probably give it a 5. It's significantly worse at home. Reasons: Harley Quinn's voice is irritating AF. The story is dreadful, zero tension, zero cohesion and lame conclusion. Batman is shoehorned in withwatched this at the cinema and would probably give it a 5. It's significantly worse at home. Reasons: Harley Quinn's voice is irritating AF. The story is dreadful, zero tension, zero cohesion and lame conclusion. Batman is shoehorned in with no purpose at all. Affleck looked embarrassed. The baddies look like they belong in Gods of Egypt if it was made in 1999. The songs are glaringly obvious and distracting. And to top it all - I actually enjoyed Leto's Joker in the cinema but watching at home he was actually making me feel physically ill. Just an awful, awful performance. He was obviously cut from the film because he was so awful. Ultimately though it fails, as usual, because of its pathetic script. 1 point for Jai Courtney.… Expand 