I agree with the other 1 star reviews here. We have had our oven not even 2 years and the heating coil is split, which is probably extremely dangerous. Additionally, the dial no longer works to change the oven from toast to bake to broil. Supposedly, the product comes with a 3 year warranty, but when you read the info you see you have to pay to ship the oven back plus $10 for them to ship you a new oven (the latter is not allowed in CA clearly because it's an extremely dubious business practice). I intend to file a complaint with the BBB and Consumer Reports about this product. I agree that the outside walls of the oven get so hot it is unsafe. You cannot have anything on or near the product when it is in use. This is my first Amazon review ever because it is the first time I've felt a product is bad news. Unfortunately this toaster oven just hasn't lived up to the Cuisinart name. While it is roomy and does a good job at baking and toasting, one of the elements is literally splitting open after just over a year of use. See the photo in the customer submitted photos above. As many other reviewers have said here, the Cuisinart TOB-40 toaster oven has defective heating elements. After less than 2 years mine, too, developed a split in one of the elements that created a glowing red "hot spot". This is a serious fire hazard. I feel lucky that the split happened in one of the bottom elements; if it had happened in one of the upper elements I probably would not have seen it until it was too late.As they did for the other customers, Cuisinart offered to send me a new TOB-40 but I have to pay for shipping to return the old one. From reading the reviews here, it is obvious that this is a common problem for this oven. Cuisinart should recall and replace them all at their own expense. However, they will probably wait until they get sued for someone's death in a house fire before they take that step.Considering the company's poor quality control and their irresponsible stance in view of this known fire hazard, I strongly recommend AGAINST purchasing any electronics from them.*** UPDATE 12/13/2013 ***I reported this problem to the Consumer Products Safety Commission on their web site. They sent an investigator to my house 3 days later. He said that this is a dangerous situation and the CPSC will launch an investigation. I hope that Cuisinart recalls this item voluntarily but if they don't maybe the CPSC will prod them to do so.By the way, I did get my replacement TOB-40 today (that was quick!). They told me to return the old one at my own expense. However, on further reflection, I didn't sign anything agreeing to return it and the product is defective. If they want it back, they can pay for the shipping. Phooey on Cuisinart! I've always had great experiences with Cuisinart products which is what led to my purchase of a TOB-40 toaster over.  I was attracted to this model due to the great company reputation and warranty.  This unit was replaced under warranty in Oct 2014 due to a faulty heating element.  Cuisinart was great about replacing it as long as I paid shipping for the replacement unit as well as shipping back to them for my broken unit.  I still figured this was better than purchasing a completely new unit.  If you do some searches on the web, the faulty heating element seems to be a known issue.  Some people have also reported this to the Consumer Products Safety Commission as this could be a fire hazard and were hoping for a recall. My replacement unit worked great until just the other day.After using the oven to toast waffles for my kids, the toaster was turned off and out of the blue the glass completely shattered and exploded.  Thankfully, my kids were not near the unit as they could have been injured as a result of this explosion.  I've included a picture of the unit post explosion for you to see.  I called customer service and spoke to a rep who basically said that since the warranty was tied to my original unit and that transferred to the replacement unit (which has now expired) there was nothing that they could do on this defective 4 month old unit.  I asked to speak to a supervisor and spoke with Shelby who gave me the same answer that there was nothing that could be done.  I could understand if my unit just stopped working after an extended period of time.  But this is a serious issue on a relatively new unit that could have resulted in serious injury.I'm very disappointed in the customer service and policy that is in place by Cuisinart.  I would have hoped that keeping a loyal customer happy would be more important to them instead of worry about saving the money on a product that costs them less than $100 to replace.  You've now lost a customer for life and I strongly urge anyone interested in purchasing their products to think twice. There are a lot of things I like about this toaster - it has a big capacity, but a relatively small footprint.  It gets things hot.My first complaint is that when it is done toasting, it beeps 5 times really loudly.  These really loud beeps sound just like a fire alarm going off, which is really disconcerting.  If one person is trying to sleep while another is trying to make toast, the beep is loud enough throughout the house to wake everyone else.I could live with that, but after I had the toaster for a while, the heating elements started to warp.  As they warp, the protective coating on the heating elements peels back. I'm afraid this is going to make a toaster fire far more likely.  The warping continues to get worse, so it won't be much longer before this toaster doesn't work.  For something as expensive as this, it should last longer. The first Cuisinart TOB-40 Toaster Oven I received was defective: the dial that controlled the darkness of the toast didn't work. If the dial was set anywhere but at the lightest setting, the toast was burnt. At the lightest setting, it produced hot bread. I tried moving the dial in tiny increments hoping to find a "just right" setting, but no luck. The dial simply didn't work.I phoned Cuisinart. They didn't come right out and admit that my toaster oven was defective, but what they said amounted to the same thing: "It's an issue with the toaster oven itself." (I suppose the other choice is: "It's the fault of the stupid customer.") They were willing to replace the toaster under the warranty (I'd only had it 3 days) but -- here's the catch -- they wanted me to pay return shipping (the package probably weighs around 30 lb) PLUS give them $10 to ship me the new one. What incredible nerve!So I went to Amazon's returns and explained that the toaster they shipped me was defective. They immediately shipped me a replacement (same toaster, same model) and even paid the postage to send back the defective one. Cuisinart: 1 star; Amazon: 5 stars.I'd give Cuisinart a zero-star rating if I could. The second toaster had exactly the same defect.I didn't return it. We needed a toaster and it's a hassle to get the thing back into its original carton and lug it to the post office (my husband and I are in our mid-70's). Also, it didn't seem fair to ask Amazon to pay two-way postage TWICE when it wasn't Amazon's fault -- it was Cuisinart's!So I'm using this defective toaster oven. I bought a wonderful little timer from Amazon (the Polder 898- 90) and I set the timer to 2 min 45 sec when I make toast. The toaster dial is worthless. The manufacturer's boast ("Always even shade control monitors the temperature and adjusts timing to consistently toast to the shade selected every time") is a pants-on-fire lie.There are other things wrong with this toaster. The door doesn't close tightly. As others have noted, the "auto slide-out tray" function is a joke. The controls are poorly designed, especially for older users: the (black) dials have a slightly raised (black) ridge that's supposed to serve as the pointer, but under normal lighting conditions the ridge is almost invisible. I have to feel the knob to tell which way it's pointing.Twenty or thirty years ago, we had a Black & Decker toaster oven that served its purpose perfectly and never gave us any trouble. They don't make 'em like that anymore, alas. Avoid this toaster.  We have a Cuisinart coffee maker that my wife likes so we went with this one because of brand.  I read several reviews and even noticed some were having issues with the door.  I tried it anyway. (If you don't buy anything on Amazon with negative reviews, you won't buy anything.)  Within a few weeks the mechanism that pulls the wire rack out when you open the door broke.  So at that point you're reduced to fishing your toast out with a utensil while trying not to get burned.  Within the last few weeks, the door was getting stuck to the point it was extremely difficult to open.  My wife called me in the kitchen this morning because she couldn't get it open at all.  I pulled on the handle while holding the top of the oven and bam! the glass door shattered into hundreds of pieces of glass while I was left holding just the handle.  The glass exploded back onto me and my wife and all across our kitchen.  This thing is dangerous.  Side note - this thing has (had) the most annoying pitch of a beep when your toast was ready.  I mean, it pierced our skulls.  We hated it for that but lived with it.  At least that part of misery is gone.  In all seriousness, this toaster should not be on the market and I will think differently about the Cuisinart brand golng forward. This oven burns too hot. Toast comes out burnt even when the dial is turned barely past Light. I'd hate to see what happens if I even turned it past the halfway mark. Forget trying to cook or reheat anything above 350 degrees. Burnt. Same thing for the broiler. It's rendered itself useless.The only positive thing about this toaster is that it doesn't have an obnoxiously loud buzzer.Edit: Returned the product to Cuisinart for a replacement. They stressed that they need to hear direct feedback from other consumers so they can pinpoint the problem and fix it. They did replace my toaster oven with another, which is doing a better job. Not perfect, but better. I chose this toaster oven largely on a review that praised the consistency, producing similar results each time. My experience was exactly the opposite. The oven I got is wildly inconsistent. Burning one time and barely warming the next. I thought I could dial it in to get the results I wanted but that has been impossible. The only way to get the result I want is to stand there and watch it. Does not have a timer. Besides the toasting function, other functions (ie baking, broiling..) does not have a time cook function. For the price of this oven, it should have a timer like most convection ovens.The "auto side-out" tray function is a JOKE! There are hooks on the door that hooks on to the rack as you open the door. This would only pull the rack maybe 1/4 out. Also, if you put the rack in any other level, the hooks are useless. Could've designed this better.Besides these two flaws, I think this is a nice and solid oven. Has good heating and has many different functions.UPDATE: After a little over a month, this thing just stopped working. Called the company for assistance, but still didn't work. I use this thing like about 2-3 times per week. Mainly to toast and reheat frozen food. Good thing Amazon allowed me to return it. I had a non-brand cheaper and smaller oven that lasted WAY longer than this one. I regret giving that smaller oven away so soon.I'm very disappointed, especially for the price of this oven.  We have had this toaster over for about 2 1/2 years. Although the door didn't seem to want to shut tightly, it worked well for us. Then, on the 4th of July it caught on fire! Within minutes of turning it on it was engulfed in flames. Thanks to my son and I keeping our wits about us - I unplugged quickly and carefully and he used the extinguisher. All we could figure was that the thermostat went out and we didn't know it. Won't buy a Cuisinart again! Do not buy this oven!! If they had spent five more dollars on insulation it would be a five star oven.  As it is however, it is dangerous.  It is just thin sheet metal enclosing heating elements that get up to around 500 degrees.  The outside walls will get just as hot if you leave it on very long.  Al elderly person or child could serously burn themselves just by touching the thing.  The heat actualy discolored the wall behind where I placed the oven.  I am shocked that Cuisinart even put this on the market or that it would be UL approved. Everything else about the oven is great but this unit is dangerous as it is. Considering that this is the best-selling toaster oven on Amazon, it is hard to excuse Cuisinart for the defective design.  I have had mine for less than two years of casual home use and the front element is warped and split like that of so many other users. This product needs to be recalled because of the defective design of the element.  Come on, Cuisinart, you can do better!  You can do right by your customers.  Or, we can start filing complaints with the CPSC and get it recalled.  Otherwise (other than the threat of burning down my house that is) it performs well as a toaster oven and we've always liked using it. I purchased this product 6 months ago.  It never really made very good toast, but it was easier to deal with it than send it back.  Now it does not come on some times.  And when it does come on, it won't turn off.  The only way to turn it off is to pull the plug.  I called Cuisinart today to see if they will fix/replace this fire hazard.  They said they would replace it but I have to pay shipping both ways because that is not covered under the warranty.  I feel that they should pay for shipping their defective product, so I am electing to review the product instead.  Spend your money somewhere else.  This toaster is possessed... BUYER BEWARE! This oven gets so hot on the outside it could damage counter tops and definitely burns hands! I used it one time and packed it up for return (after getting burned)! The bottom and back get just as hot as the sides and top. Apparently there is NO insulation in this thing! Very unsafe product! Purchased from Amazon for eighty dollars in June 2012. Now, 18 mos later, both bottom heating elements are dead. The front one sparked and warped before dying completely. The back one just...died. if you look, you will find PAGES of complaints about this exact issue from many, many others who purchased this product. This is not a one-time defective item or a lemon, but a chronic, repeated problem with this model. Most users report their ovens last from 1-2 years before breaking. Some customers were sent replacement models, either through Amazon, or directly from Cuisinart and reported that the new item had the identical problem, warped and sparking bottom heating elements. This toaster oven is a fire hazard and a piece of junk. Do not buy. ****UPDATE 3/1/14 -- Just got off the phone with Cuisinart customer service (hah!). They offered to waive the $10 fee to get a new item, but would not send me a new item unless I send the old one back first-- at MY expense. I ask you, as I asked the rep, what incentive do I have to spend $50-$60 to send back the defective item? The answer: no incentive at all! If they want it back so they can 'evaluate' it, they can pay for shipping it! As of now, this toaster oven goes in the trash, eighty dollars goes down the drain, and I never buy another Cuisinart item --EVER! I wish I could give it zero stars. Finally!!!! a nice, well designed, SIMPLE to operate basic toaster oven with none of the convection nonsense but has extra flexibility which means not heating up the big oven for small stuff.  Different rack settings to insure proper and even heating along with four elements instead of the minimal two on cheap toaster ovens.  Nice dials instead of those useless touch pads which need re setting each time.  And for once, a toaster oven with plenty of HEIGHT.. this one will accept a small baking dish AND the cover which the cheaper ones will not.  Not only are the cheaper ones too cramped but they usually have the heating element right in the middle so the knob on the lid won't clear it.This item looks like the designers actually tested it out first instead of designing something they THOUGHT might work but never really seeing all the practical implications of how just one little thing like an extra inch or two in height .. would make a difference for most containers one might want to use.UPDATE>>>>>>>>>>>After owning the first purchase 11 months one of the heating elements burned out.  I was disappointed but I really used it a lot.. every day sometimes more than once.. Manufacturer sent a new one.  BUT Now, after just four months, the cord on the replacement unit is getting noticeably warm to the touch,  I REALLY like this oven for the reasons above.  Most others are too small for any useful baking. BUT....  BRAND NAMES MEAN NOTHING ANYMORE.. for a number of years now the quality of stuff you can buy has declined noticeably under pressure from those forces which brainwash people into thinking nothing matters but price.  For what this cost it should be more durable than the really cheap items but evidently it is not.Additional up date.  The replacement replacement is failing.  Same issue as the second one.  The plug is getting hot to the touch.  Just did a slice of toast so it wasn't on more than two minutes and when I went to unplug it, the plug itself and the first six inches of the wire were way too warm.  From reviews read, NO one makes any decent appliances today. I love Cuisinart products and this one had so many good reviews, thought I could not go wrong.  Liked it for toasting ~ use just about the lowest setting or toast will be burnt.  My main problem and it is not one that can be overlooked is that it turns itself on independently.  I was sitting in another room and heard three beeps which is what it does at end of toast cycle.  I went into the room and the toaster oven was hot but no one had been in the room.  This morning I awoke early and had not descended to the kitchen when I heard the three beeps.  The toaster oven was incredibly hot (I have no way of knowing how many cycles it had been through while my family slept).  If you own or buy one be sure to unplug it immediately after using or you could possibly have a fire.  I've contacted Cuisinart and they want $20 for me to return it.  This is crazy as the product is obviously defective.  I liked it very much until it began turning itself on.  The button for toast/bagel....is small and must be over sensitive or has a technical issue for it to turn itself on.  Buyer Beware ~ thought I had found the perfect toaster oven ~ but the prospect of my home burning down makes it a definite NO! I loved everything about this toaster oven, except the fact that it didn't have a timer.  I looked past that though since I wanted a nice looking toaster oven.  We had it about a year before the warming bars got a small crack in it.  Now it has completely popped open and I swear a flame is going to come from it.  Now we are in the market for a new one, since Cuisinart is not helpful and will not replace it.  This thing is a fire hazard and should be taken off of all shelves.  DO NOT BUY. Purchased this because I wanted a basic toaster oven that would last.  LOL!  Sent it back the day it came.  Unpacked it and proceeded to make toast.  Well the oven heated up and when the toast was done I could not get the door open for about 30 minutes.  When it cooled down I could open the door to retrieve my cold burnt toast.  Apparently when it heats up the interior lining swells and the wire rack will not slide,  therefore the door cannot open until it cools down.  No thanks sent it right back.  I purchased one of these through Amazon, it worked fine, but stopped working after 50 days.Since it was past the Amazon return date, I contacted Cuisinart.At first, they wanted to me to pay for shipping, both ways, so that they wouldsend me a new one, and I would return the old.  After some arguing, theyagreed to send pay for the new one, if I agreed to pay ship the old one back.Shipping turned out to be around $30, this for a non working $80 item whichthey will probably just discard!!Given that amazon ships this for free, the whole deal stinks.I would not buy a Cuisinart item again, given how quickly this one stopped working,and their horrible warranty.  I'll also think twice about buying appliances from Amazon.These things break easily, and shipping them is horrendously expensive.When a microwave that I bought at my local Lowes broke, I could bring it backmyself for replacement. We've used this toaster for about 4 days. It toasts nicely, although we don't like how there's a ridge at the edge of the toasting rack. You can't just slide stuff out--it needs to be lifted up a little.But then today I noticed some smoke coming out of the upper right side vent. It smelled of plastic or electrical fire or something other than toast. As I looked at it I heard a buzz/exploding sound and sparks and a small flame bust out the lower right side right by the on/off button. I unplugged it and the fire stopped right away.Luckily the toast was just about done, so I got to enjoy that while I aired out the burnt plastic smell!So... gonna contact Cuisinart and/or Amazon to take it back. I'm not sure I'm interested in a replacement as that freaked me out. This item is horrible.  My toast, no matter what setting I select, is always burnt on the bottom and not toasted on top.  DO not buy this item.  I waited too long before I could return so I won't be buying this type of item from Amazon again.  BEWARE Door jambed closed and the bread caught fire. had to break the door to put the fire out.No it's not air tight, so pushing the door closed didn't put the fire out.Dangerous product. Buy at own risk.. This was a great buy... UNTIL it spontaneously exploded this morning while making toast. Thankfully no one was standing near it when it happened. Besides making very crappy, dried-out toast, this over-priced Cuisinart toaster oven is downright dangerous! After less than a year of use, the heating elements began to distort noticeably, and ultimately the rear element developed a large crack that would glow white hot when the toaster was turned on. (See attached picture.) I threw the Cuisinart in the garbage and replaced it with a Breville BOV650XL, which is an all around  fantastic toaster oven. I feel safer already. I am so disappointed.  I read the reviews and had high hopes for this toaster oven.  I didn't need all the bells and whistles of more expensive toaster ovens, I didn't want an oven that would be physically too big on my counterpart, I wanted dials that were easy to use and a door that when open, didn't "fall open" and bang on the counter.  It met all these criteria.  But when I tried toasting bread twice,  I see smoke or steam coming out of the oven.  Ordered on-line to make it easy, I now have to schlep this big box back to the store to return it. I ordered this to replace a wonderful Cuisinart Classic toaster oven we had for years and which finally expired. It seemed like the closest match, as our former model is no longer available. Within a few days, the door began sticking. We figured we could live with it, which was a huge mistake! A month after we received it--as luck would have it, on the very day Amazon's return window expired--the door became so severely jammed at the left hinge that I couldn't open it far enough to get a piece of toast out. I pulled on the door, holding the oven body while prying the door open. To my astonishment, the entire door shattered in my hand like a car windscreen! Broken glass showered around me, as I stood there gobsmacked, with the door handle in my hand. It is a piece of junk. Under no circumstances should you order this. And if you do, definitely keep all your packaging and return it as soon as the door begins to stick! I've now ordered a much pricier Breville toaster oven, which had better last us more than a month. This product is a Fire Hazard!!! About an hour ago I thought it felt warm in my kitchen so I looked at the stove and it wasn't left on from cooking dinner. The microwave hadn't been used all day and looked fine, and a quick glance at my cuisinart toaster oven which hadn't been used since breakfast 12 hours ago didn't have its indicator light on, but even so I passed my hand over it and had figured my father had toasted something for dessert because there was a tiny bit of heat coming off the toaster oven. I double checked that it wasn't set to bake or broil and went to go watch some TV.30 minutes later I begin smelling something hot. Very hot! Ran into the kitchen and this damn toaster oven is running full-bore with the coils glowing bright orange!!! The indicator light was OFF, the top dial was set to toast, middle knob at 150'f, and the bottom knob at "medium" toast darkness. I hit the start/stop button and the power light TURNS ON!! Crap, now where's a Catholic priest when I need one! And since Leslie Neilson is dead, I took the easy route and unplugged it.It's currently sitting on my garage floor with a fan blowing on it so it will be cool enough to inspect before I go to sleep. I plan on contacting the manufacturer tomorrow to see what their reaction is to what happened. Because had I been out of the house or asleep, this could have burned my house to the ground. Like many of the buyers here, I have one of these Toaster Ovens (that I purchased not through Amazon but PC Richards ) and it now has a cracked heating element on the bottom (See attached picture).  I bought this for my Mom specifically because I didn't want her to have a cheap piece of junk as she is now 75 and legally blind.  Fortunately, just by luck, I caught this early and was in the kitchen when it was in use and spotted the cracked element.  If I didn't live with my mother, this probably would have turned into a fire.  I am stunned that with all the reports here about the obviously defective heating elements that do not stand the test of time and/or regular use that these are still being sold.  Like some other reviewers, I'm going to report this to consumer safety at .saferproducts.gov and to Cuisinart.  We're still under warranty but big deal.  I don't want them to send me another obvious fire hazard.  This has forever changed how I value Cuisinart products.  I am generally a Cuisinart fan.My $20 toaster oven is broken. So, I decided to get a new one.The price is not cheap compare to what you can get.The temp. is much lower than what you expected. For example, if you need 400F for 10 mins,this oven you need at least 12 mins.Not very evenly heat either. The bottom is burned, but the top isstill not very hot, even when I tried to change the position of thebaking rack.One important feature is missing! The time control. There is NO timer atall. YOu have to set up your own timer. And, you cannot leave the toasteroven along, because you have to come back to turn it off. No auto shut off.The only good thing about this oven is the roomy interior. Other than this,nothing impressed me.Keep the box and packing material. I did not keep them. So, I cannot return it.I will give to only 1 star, because this is the my least favor of whateverI bought from Cuisinart before. My $20 toaster oven from Kmart worked muchbetter than this. You cannot just look at the price. Higher price does not meanit will be a better product.UPDATED ON OCT 24, 2012.AFTER 4 MONTHS, THIS IS OVEN IS DIED! THE TEMPERATURE DOES NOT GO UP.I BAKED SOME TOAST THIS MORNING. 15 MINS, STILL WARM....THEN, I TRIED TO BAKE SOME NUGGETS. I SET UP THE TEMP TO 425.30 MINS LATER, IT'S STILL HALF FROZENTHIS OVEN IS A GARBAGE! WILL NOT BUY AGAIN!!!! I purchased this Toaster oven from Amazon after reviewing the available models. I have three Cuisinart coffee makers that give great service so I was encouraged to buy the brand. I have to say the unit is very unsatisfactory due to the following defects;1. The symbolization around the various controls is in type so small that you need a magnifying glass to read it. 2. The wire rack allows toast to fall thru between the wires, they are too far apart. 3. The wire rack would not slide in and out due to being too tight to slide. 4. The crumb tray always opens whenever the door is opened, necessitating having to close it each time the door is opened. In other words it is a constant source of frustration to use. I wonder if the company ever tried to actually toast bread in this model. We purchased this toaster oven in 2012 based on the popularity on Amazon. We are a small family and do not use the regular oven much. so this one was a great alternative for us when we needed to toast some bread or just heat up a trader joes frozen pizza for one person. It was fast and convenient. But, recently I noticed there was some sort of light inside of the oven that I didn't recall it had one before. Today I finally came to realize that the 'light' at the bottom right was an opening of the cracked element! It was bended and burnt. We didn't expect it to be such a short lived one since we didn't even use it everyday. What a bummer! I'm writing this review to let the potential buyers know about it since I read so many other users experienced the same problem. Those negative reviews were not there when I purchased it in 2012. I am VERY unhappy with this toaster and Cuisinart customer service. The first unit I had worked for a little over a year and then the heating element split apart (this seems to be a common problem).  I had to pay about $27 to ship it back and Cuisinart sent me another one. 6 months into the second unit, and I had problems again with the heating element.  This time, the heating element has started flaking with chunks of metal finish falling off onto the tray. The best they will offer me now is another unit after I send this one back, again at my expense. Why should I have to pay twice to send back defective units??? They will not give me my money back and say it has to fail another time before a credit could be offered. So, I'm out $80 for the toaster and $27 for shipping and still don't have a toaster. I'm giving up on the toaster ovens completely and will buy a plain toaster with the $27 Cuisinart would have me spend to ship back toaster #2. I won't buy Cuisinart again. I've had this Cusinart TOB-40 about 1.5 years.  It works well, generally.  However, one of the bottom elements warped and split recently.  I uploaded a picture of this to customer images.  This is actually the third Cusinart toaster oven I have bought.  The first two each lasted about 3 years before dying (naturally, out of warranty.)  Finally, I've learned my lesson -- no more Cusinart toaster ovens for me! I am sad to write that like many others, my toaster oven has a problem with the front lower heating element rod.  At first there was a small 1" long tear in the element casing, but the tear then became two tears.  The tears have grown and now almost the whole element has warped upward and has torn.  And I recently saw sparks coming from the casing split while using the oven that others have written about.  I now think it is not safe to use the toaster oven and will be trying another brand soon.  I appreciate everyone's insight on Amazon.  This is a shame, because before this happened, I loved this toaster oven!  Both my husband and I thought this was the best oven we had owned.  I checked my Amazon records and found that I had originally bought this toaster oven in June 2011--exactly 4 years of use.  This puts me past the 3 year warranty period.  Before this toaster oven, another one we had lasted 10+ years.  It is a shame that Cuisinart isn't doing more to help customers, even those past the warranty period, with what appears to be a widely known problem. I've always been pleased with Cuisinart products.  After my experience with Cuisinart TOB-40 Custom Classic Toaster Oven Broiler, however, I've totally changed my mind about anything Cuisinart!I have had excellent results from my toaster oven at home and wanted to replicate that experience at our vacation home.  I did a thorough investigation of all toaster ovens small enough to store in our vacation home kitchen cabinet.  Aside from not hot having a timer, this Cuisinart toaster oven with its 1800 watts seemed to meet our criteria.There are two slots in which to insert the oven rack.  If the rack is inserted in the higher of the two slots, it automatically comes out -- as advertised -- when the door is opened.  If does not, however, automatically come out when inserted in the lower slot.There are three recommended Rack Positions.  Position A, for baking pizzas, cake, chicken or muffins, is when the rack is inserted down in the lower slot.  Position B, for broiling or baking nachos or potatoes, is when the rack is inserted up in the lower slot.  Position C, for toast, bagels and open-faced sandwiches, is when the rack is inserted down in the upper slot.I've only used this toaster oven a handful of times because I'm afraid it will cause a fire!  I was excited when it first arrived and immediately began to prepare my husband's favorite salmon dish that very evening.  After reading all the directions, I proceeded to bake the salmon filet @ 450 for 5 minutes.  Smoke billowed forth from the top vents and oven door within minutes, causing me to immediately turn it off and pull out the plug.  I then had to turn on my regular oven, wait till it preheated to the correct temperature and finish cooking the salmon.  Since I wanted to give it a fair trial, I turned on the nearby vent from my microwave/stove unit prior to trying it again at a slightly lower temperature. Sadly, the result was the same.Not wanting to give up, I tried a number of cakes, cornbread, muffins and biscuits.  I've come to the conclusion that Position A is too close to the bottom heating element, thus heating the bottom of baked good irregularly.  Position C is too close to the top heating element with equally disappointing results.I found six reports on www.saferproducts.gov concerning the defective heating elements.  It is dangerous and should be recalled.The temperature always seems higher than what is set on the temperature dial as proven by the irregular/darkened outside of most everything I've madeThe outside of the toaster oven gets excessively hot whenever it is turned on.The dials are difficult to read.Lastly, I find it telling that the Cuisinart TOB-40 Custom Classic Toaster Oven Broiler lists for $145 but reduced to $69.01 when I bought it from Amazon last March, 2014 and now even lower. Please see Melmark98's review. I had the same problem with two separate units. I returned the first one for a replacement and now the replacement has the same problem. I'm afraid that the toaster oven might start some kind of electrical fire in the kitchen.Returning it for another brand.Also, it takes up a lot of counter space. I bought this toaster oven based on it being a Cuisinarr, a brand I've liked over the years. So I didn't pay close attention to it until I got it home and discovered its numerous design flaws. They might seem minor, but they mean the difference between intielligent, considered design and a hurried, thoughtless one.I'm at the age where I need reading glasses, but I've never before needed to put them on to see the names of the mode settings (bake, toast, etc). These are written in a small font, with no letterspacing. What's worse, the indicator on this black knob is also black, is barely raised, and therefore almost imperceptible.The operation is inconsistent, which makes it confusing at best. When you turn it from Off to either Toast or Bagel, you then need to push a separate button to start it. This part makes sense. However, when you turn it to the other modes, it just goes on, period. So essentially what you've got is a start button that works in some modes and not in others. It would've made much more sense to eliminate the Off "mode" and just use the other button to start/stop all modes.As one reviewer noted, there is no timer. This unfortunately means that it will just keep broiling until your food catches fire if you're not paying attention.Finally, aside from the design, the toast function is the worst I've ever seen. It makes burnt stripes on my toast even at the lowest setting. So much for their vaunted temperature control.Its only redeeming feature is that it looks good and doesn't take up too much space, but if that's what Cuisinarr means by design these days, I'll pass. Bought this a year and a half ago. It gets minimal use since it is in a vacation home. The off switch just stopped working so it is not possible to turn the heating elements off. This is a fire hazard. A user can push the off button, thinking they turned the oven off, and the heating elements continue heating the oven indefinitely. The oven is not well insulated so can overheat when this happens and cause a house fire.  Amazon won't take it back or replace it because they only guarantee it for a month.Update - I called Amazon and asked if they would refund my purchase price so that I could buy another brand, or provide me a replacement of another brand. I said I didn't want to go through the Cuisinart replacement program, because this item is a documented fire hazard (read other reviews), and I don't want another one in my home. They said they could not do this since it was outside the one month purchase window. They acknowledged they are aware it is a fire hazard but are unwilling to provide a refund.  They did say they would take this off their sell list until they could look further into the fire danger issue. Glad to see they are looking out for Amazon, and trying to protect themselves against litigation, but not looking out for their customers by providing refunds or replacements of another brand. This is disappointing and not very Amazon like. From now on I will buy electronics/appliances elsewhere.  When baking, the oven will reach its temperature, then it will start clicking about 10-20 times.  The clicking noise is the unit turning on and off in very fast - it can't decide whether to heat or cool.  The lights in my kitchen will dim and brighten the entire time.  I will be returning this unit and purchasing a different brand.  Cuisinart's quality seems to have degraded over time.  My last Cuisinart unit lasted quite a while.  I'm guessing their trying to make them cheaper (profits).  It's not the brand it used to be. We ordered this toaster oven about 18 months ago. Both heating elements on the bottom started to warp a month or so back, and now they've both split.  Sure doesn't look safe to keep using it at this point.Update: Cuisinart replaced the toaster under warranty; however, we had to pay to have the new one shipped to us, and we had to pay to ship the old one back.  It was less than buying a brand new toaster of the same model, but no less than buying a different toaster made by someone else. Not impressed by that style of "customer service" given something so obviously & completely defective.  We'll see if the replacement lasts any longer. The door on this toaster oven is dangerously faulty. After being hard to open when hot (!) since we purchased it, it became increasingly hard to open and today it simply shattered when we tried to remove the food! This oven always cooked WAY too hot for basic toasting and such, but the door problems are what make this product a disaster. An absolute waste of money and dangerous! OK.  This is a nice enough looking oven. It's very compact, very clean looking.  Then you try to use it.1.  The dials are almost impossible to read...2.  The toast/bagel always seems to come out burned - regardless of the setting.3.  The door on ours started jamming by month 2.  You really had to tug to get it open.  This prevented our 9.5 year old from using it to toast a bagel because in order to get your toast out, you had to hold the front of the oven for leverage and pull the door (the front gets quite hot).I was hoping to return this after the holidays (I figured we can live another week or so with our crazy door) - until my husband yanked on it and the glass shattered.  Yes, glass everywhere, him bleeding.This thing was purchased on 9/13/13.  We've had it just over 3.5 months.  Amazon's policy is 30 days.  It's the second electronic item from Cuisinart (via Amazon) that has lasted us less than 6 months.  Amazon's policy on replacement or refund is ridiculous.  I'll be buying all future electronics at Costco, Macy's, Target. Anywhere but here.  We are out too much money. When we first started using this, five months ago, the toast burned unless we used the last inch or so of the adjustments. I should have returned it then, but I figured I could adjust, and the baking worked fine. Of course, it's gotten worse.  This morning, it set a piece of bread on fire. Now, I'm returning it.Cuisinart customer service was very nice about the whole thing, BUT limited warranty means the customer pays shipping. $10 to get the new one and I don't know how much more to ship the old one back to them. These things are heavy. I recently purchased my second TOB-40 as a replacement for the one I bought in 2011 but lent to one of the offspring ;-) and never got it back. (At first I flirted with trying the convection model (TOB-135) but returned in less than a week because of problems with it!)The black exterior coating on the 2011 model had a matte finish; this 2014 one has a smooth semi-gloss finish. I suspect the current finish will probably scratch easier.ETA: I have just downgraded my review to 3 stars because (as I suspected) the redesigned finish is RIDICULOUSLY fragile. Also, the interior "clip" will also scratch the narrower-side lip of the pan if the user isn't extremely careful to remove the pan exactly straight out and level. So now I have scratches on 3 of the 4 lips of the pan, in less than 2 weeks of occasional use. I should mention that the scratches themselves leave sharp edges; it's not simply cosmetic.UPDATE: I have downgraded my review AGAIN, this time to 1 star, and if I could give it zero stars, I would. The heating elements suddenly died completely after only 5 months of use. No warning, no 'gradual slow dying'... it simply worked fine one week, and the next week (I use it approx every 5-7 days) the elements barely got warm even with the oven set to 375. Tried turning it up to 400, no improvement. Of course this happened on an 85 degree day when the last thing I wanted was to turn on the regular oven just to cook a split chicken breast.Utter garbage, certainly not worth the $40-$50 it would cost to send it back for a warranty "repair". And why would I want another one of these??? Off to Bed Bath and Beyond to buy a Breville Compact Smart Oven (I would buy it via Amazon if BBB + 20% off coupon wasn't cheaper).Disgusted, pure and simple. When I first started using this toaster oven, it was great. But here I am 8 months later and it almost burned my apartment down. The top coil now heats to maximum heat thereby burning everything, and the coil won't turn off when the knobs are in the off position, so the only way to turn the coil off was to unplug the machine. Thank god I didn't make toast for breakfast and then run off to work, or the coil would have been on all day. DO NOT BUY THIS TOASTER OVEN.I contacted Cuisinart, and they told me it was a "warranty issue" and that I would have to pay to ship it to them and then pay them to ship a new one to me. Jerks. I wonder if they'd like paying for a lawsuit when my apartment burns down? This toaster burns things on the lowest toast setting. And I mean flames leaping in the oven, smoke up the entire house kind of burn! I thought I had set my house on fire tonight trying to toast tostadas on the lowest toast setting. I want this thing gone, it's clearly a hazard. I've contacted Cuisinart; I will update this once I hear from them.Update 11/13. I received the replacement toaster this week. We have to pay to ship the old one back. This one has the exact same issue as the old one! I told Cuisinart that I didn't want to replace it if this is normal for this oven. They said they had no complaints of flames in the oven, so they were pretty sure it's a defect.So, be warned. If you want to toast something, I would use the bake setting and a timer rather than the toast non-function! This toaster oven worked fine for the first two years; subsequently, the lower front burner assembly melted and drooped down nearly on top of the lower plate, somewhat of a hazard.  Had it drooped any further, it would have likely shorted out against the Cuisinart Toaster Oven chassis.  Nevertheless, the product was kept in use for a short time later, but the heating consistency got poorer and the unit was taken out of service.The overall design was nice in that the oven was handsome and reasonably well constructed, but the engineering design of the TOB-40 was/is less than stellar, and I don't recommend this unit, which is also over-priced.  I tried a $20+ Black and Decker unit, and it performed significantly better than this unit; besides, the B&D; unit even had a grounded heavy-duty power cord, which the Cuisinart did not.  I did contact Cuisinart to get it replaced under warranty, and after some haggling, I was able to get a warranty replacement approved, but to my surprise, Cuisinart requires that you ship the defective unit all the way back to Arizona (which in my case cost about $28+ by UPS) and also mail a check to Cuisinart for $10.00 to cover their shipping cost of the new item.  Yes, it is in warranty; no, the warranty terms are anything but "pro-consumer."In the end, I would not recommend this unit because of the circumstances outlined above. This worked okay for a little over a year, although as others stated it would burn on the toast setting unless you put it very low.  Also, there is no timer.  And the unit does get extremely hot.  Just recently when I went to toast I shut the knobs all off and it turned itself back on and got very hot.  Unplugged it and replugged and the same thing happened.  Needless to say I don't trust this thing and don't even want to return it for another one (plus the shipping fee sounds highh at 30 bucks)  I had a Cuisinart coffeemaker with a grinder that also stopped working after about a year, so I am done with Cuisinart - never buying anything from them again.  I didn't pick this toaster when I was initially shopping for a toaster oven.  I went for a Black & Decker convection toaster oven that was about the same price and size.  Boy, that was a bad decision.  It couldn't bake, or toast correctly... It just dried out the top of everything!  I returned it, and went back to reading reviews.... This one obviously has great reviews, so I ordered it.  In the first weekend, it baked a perfect batch of brownies (8x8 pan fit with room to spare), broiled perfectly melted cheesy-garlic bread, and it really does make great plain-old-toast!  Everything the unit is made to do --- it does.It has auto shut off for the toast - and I found medium to be just fine.  Everyone in the house wears glasses, and we can read the dials just fine... with good lighting.  I don't find it heats up very much on the exterior.  It gets warm on the outside, but no more than my standard oven does... and much LESS than the black&decker model did.  The kitchen stays cool which is so worth having this on the counter!  I found myself picking things at the grocery store yesterday that could fit in the toaster oven, because it really is so much easier/cooler to use in 100+ degree weather.UPDATE 6/2/16:Ok, maybe 4 1/2 years is a good amount of time for a toaster oven to last. But I am scared at how it broke. The front heating element cracked and arced, the unit over heated (my counters and my cabinets are damaged). I'm glad I was in the kitchen to unplug it and close the door. After reading more reviews where the same thing happened 1-5 years after purchase, I'm thankful it lasted this long. But SERIOUSLY, it almost burned my house down. I'm really unhappy and will not be replacing this unit with a duplicate.Hey, but at least I know my smoke alarms work. ' Purchased this February 2013.  Toasting function gradually became erratic over the last couple of months until finally it would only toast on one side.  Then recently, the unit would continue to heat up and not turn off unless it was unplugged!  I've since read several reviews stating this same issue and wonder if Cuisinart should consider a recall before someone actually dies in a house fire....obviously, I would not recommend this product. I have had lots of Toaster Ovens, my last 2 mainstays were the Black & Decker TRO480BS Toast-R-Oven 4-Slice Toaster Ovenby Black & Decker for about $40.00 (http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B002CVTT3Y/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc;=1). I always liked them but they died out early (as most all seem to do, but those were better than others I tried), however after the 2nd Black and Decker died, I thoroughly searched for one that would last longer.  I saw the Cusiinart TOB-40 had mostly good reviews to others, but is more expensive, but I took the chance and paid the extra and bought it 1 year ago.  I have not been thrilled at all... I use it the same as I have used all my other toasters and yet I never had this problem with any others... this one isn't lasting, the black finish on the top is wearing off terribly (pics attached), same with the metal crumb tray, which appears to be disintegrating with mineral build up (pic below)?  (Doesn't occur in our house, or on other appliances).  I've had it a year and it is already looking older and like junk.  In regards to function, toasting is no better than the cheaper Black & Decker... I NEVER change the setting (which is difficult to change anyway because it is adjusted by a tiny micro amount that you can barely see on the dial, 1 tiny movement and it will go from blond to black toast).  Being that I never change the dial, I still get anywhere from blond to black toast with no rhyme or reason... totally unpredictable.  I don't see this thing lasting long, and I will never purchase one like this again... back to the ole Black & Decker next time at least they hold up aesthetically better, toast more consistently and probably last longer. I am convinced that many designers never actually use the product they design - even once.  This oven is a prime example of what I mean.  The controls on this oven are terrible!  The toaster controls (plural, it requires 3 operations to set the oven to make toast) might as well have been labeled "Too Dark" and "Too Light", although it really doesn't matter how they are labeled because on all the controls the numbers and text on them are so small and have such low contrast they are almost unreadable. You have to get your eyes down to tabletop level and shine a bright light at them to make them out. Keep a flashlight handy, and beware if you wear bifocals, have a bad back, or are uncomfortable kneeling. Once past the obstacle of setting the controls you then must contend with a poorly designed wire rack which makes it a 3-handed operation to open the oven door and remove the toast.  I gave myself 2 weeks to become accustomed to this thing, and now am shopping for a new oven.  The Cuisinart brand no longer means quality to me after this experience. I thought buying a Cuisinart product ensured that I was receiving a quality product.  Wrong.  This oven worked perfectly for the first two months and then the door kept sticking. My husband, in an attempt to open the door had to pull a little too hard due to the jamb and the glass of the door shattered!  I paid a little more than I have in the past for a toaster oven due to the Cuisinart name. I would NOT buy this oven. Ok, other reviews said it was too big but I measured the space we had for it and it was big enough. But it is still too big. Opening the door leaves no counter space in front, so you have to carefully slide things out sideways. The knobs and buttons are very hard to read - every kitchen light on and reading glasses required to just dial the thing to "toast" in the morning. It makes ok toast some of the time (but always dried-out and dry) and bad toast (one side all burnt, the other side either not toasted or burnt in stripes) some of the time. It bakes so unevenly that I gave up after the first ruined biscuits. I really looked forward to the easy slide-out tray for cleaning, but it isn't easy to slide out. You have to pick the thing up and shake it around to get the tray to slide out. It gets hot which all toasters do, but because it is so big everything near it gets hot too. We waited too long to return it, so are now stuck with it - as a big box in our basement awaiting the decision to inflict it on Salvation Army or just the landfill. Don't waste your money. Please be careful about buying this toaster oven-- we purchased ours 3 years ago, and after about 2  years the bottom heating element started to warp and crack. Finally decided to get it fixed, and discovered (by googling) that a substantial number of owners have experienced the same problem, a clear design/safety flaw. Following the suggestion of a few others, I have reported my experience online at the Consumer Products Safety Commission, a relatively painless process; I encourage others with defective units to do so as well. Maybe we can get a recall. As others have stated, Cuisinart will replace, with shipping at the customer's expense. Not cheap-- I found the best price (~20 bucks) at Fedex, to my surprise. Because we got two good years out of it, I'm shipping the unit back for a new one. When that one goes, which it seems like it will, never again. The worse product ever! If possible, I would rate it negative stars. I was excited to get this at first and not even 2 years later, the heating element started to bend out of shape. It burns all my toast and I cannot use the bottom rack because the heating element is in the way. I cannot even use it as a broiler. So needless to say, it is a useless product.  I complained to Cuisinart and it's been weeks and have not heard back from them. I don't think they care about their customers. With that said, I will NEVER BUY ANYTHING CUISINART EVER AGAIN. Poor product and poor customer service. I purchased this oven in May. It worked fine, I have several Cuisinart products, and have not had a problem. As a result I did not read the reviews. I saw it in a store, liked it, bought it from Amazon.Yesterday, for the first time, I needed to bake at 400. Within 5 minutes the oven started making knocking noises. I had to lower the temperature to 350 to stop the noise.I contacted Cuisinart this morning, and was told they are working on fixing the problem.I am giving this product a one star review, because when I gave him the model #, I was told that my oven had been made a couple of years ago. So, here is a product that has defect that Cuisinart has left on the market, they were kind enough to tell me it has not been recalled. Why not?  Some of them work, others do not. I've had two of these and both had the same problem with the very dangerous, faulty, defective heating elements.  This is a known problem as you can read other's posts from as far back as 2012.  On the first one, the bottom heating element got a large bubble in it that looked like it was going to pop any day.  It was still under warranty so Cuisinart shipped me a new one.  Got the new one last year and we have the same issue, but this time the element isn't getting a bubble, however  the whole element on the bottom now has an enormous bend in it and each time we use it and it's glaring orange, it looks like it's going to break.  If the bend reaches any higher it will hit the rack.  Again, this is a serious fire hazard but Cuisinart made it clear last time they would not be replacing it again for free for me, as it was past warranty.  Another reviewer from a few years ago said he reported to their Consumer Safety Board on their website and the rep came to his house and agreed it was a major hazard.  It's amazing that a few years later, nothing has been done to fix this.  We've had this toaster oven for a little more than a year.  The toast dial has about a 4" range between light-medium-dark setting. There is no scenario where the toast setting could be more than a 1/4" above the light setting without burning up the item being toasted.  And, all the dial markers are black on black, just slightly raised and difficult to see, so we had to put silver paint on them.  Everything that is cooked, whether toasted or baked, releases a large amount of steam from the door...so much so that it appears that something's on fire and it's quite disconcerting.  It has no timer, which I've always had on all our other toaster ovens.About 3 months ago, the bottom heating element began to split, revealing the ceramic liner under the metal.  Looks like the evil eye on Lord of the Rings.  The unit continued to function (the split got a little bigger) as described above until 2 weeks ago, when the bottom element quit working completely.  As it is under warranty, I contacted Cusinart to see about getting a replacement.  Sure, they're more than happy to send a replacement to me for $10 (I pay), but I have to return the old one, also at my cost.  The cheapest I can return it, because of its size and weight, is $28.  There's no other recourse...they must have the old unit back.  $38 to exchange something under warranty just isn't right.  I've read of similar problems occurring in past reviews...shame, shame. Same problem with faulty heating element! Update: I contacted Amazon and asked for a pro-rated price for a replacement because the front bottom heating element now is shaped like an elongated "L". I looked over many of the old reviews, and a failed heating element is a common theme. Many people think the bad heating element is a fire hazard. I'm guessing not, but that doesn't change things because there still could be a safety issue.By the way, Amazon kicked the ball down the road and gave me Cuisinart links. I was surprised, frankly. Amazon is usually more helpful than that. If Amazon really cared, they could put pressure on Cuisinart to give FREE returns, not the ones with "handling" and mailing costs. If they DON'T want to use their marketing muscle, they should just pull the Cuisinart line (that would be the pro-active response)--or, at the very least, stop selling this product.In the meanwhile, I suggest anyone else who had heating rod problems to rewrite your reviews and give it one star.Mine is three and a half years old. I noticed "bumps" on the heating element in front lately, so, based on the other reviews I've read, I'm guessing we're due for a heating element failure. My wife loves this unit. While it does have flaws that are mentioned by other reviewers too (knobs hard to read, uneven toasting sometimes, too hot on the outside, "steam" coming out door so you mistakenly worry there's a fire), we've been pleased overall. It's nice looking, it does the job of a small oven, and it fits a small counter space. We liked it enough to get one as a present for our daughter-in-law last year.If Cuisinart would only make the heating elements available for consumer replacement, this would be a gem. I mean, how hard would it be to replace them for a reasonably handy person? And, let's face it, the heating elements are usually the first thing to go.Update #2 When Cuisianart belatedly replied to my inquiry about my bad heating element, I sent them this message:"When I did not hear back from Cuisinart in a reasonable amount of time, I tried the seller, Amazon. They allowed me to return the unit for a full refund. I bought a Hamilton Beach toaster oven, even though Amazon would have given me another Cuisinart like the one I had. I really appreciated Amazon's prompt attention to the matter. All I was looking for, really, was an appropriate amount taken off the price of the new unit I needed to purchase. But Amazon went the extra mile."Your company [Cuisinart] should know that many reviewers who have had a similar problem--and there are MANY--worry about fires caused from the deformed heating element. I would say you have a potential class action liability on your doorstep, and your company chooses to ignore it, playing this game of low-level customer service instead. You know, there is NOTHING on the Cuisinart website that addresses this problem in any way. Amazing.Sadly, the toaster oven worked nicely; too bad the planned obsolescence is three years or less."This was the email I got from Cuisinart Customer Service (belatedly):"Subject: bad heating element in toaster ovenValued Customer,  Thank you for your inquiry. We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced. In order to properly assist you, we are in need of the serial number from the bottom of the unit. We will also need to know whether or not this unit has been replaced previously. Please reply, with all previous correspondences attached, to this email, along with the color of the unit, and your complete shipping address. We invite you to call our Customer Service Department at 1-800-726-0190. Please keep in mind the Customer Service Agent will not have access to your e-mail information. The hours of operation are 7 AM -11 PM EST Monday through Friday and 9 AM - 5:30 PM on Saturdays and Sundays, excluding major holidays." bought this toaster oven from a box store, it did not last, the two elements in the bottom split wide open in several spots, after 1 year of making toast or heating pizza. This is very dangerous !! would not recommend to anyone.....recall should be issued ! this was my original 2-star review right after the toaster oven died: we were really happy until it gave up the ghost, about two years after purchase. Would not buy again for that reasonnow that it's back from the dead for no apparent reason, I am still enjoying it, so I promote it to 4 stars***UPDATE DEC 2014*** one of the lower heating elements outer coating has cracked, exposing the inner element which gets bright hot when in use. Cuisinart customer support offered to replace it provided that (1) I ship back the defective unit and (2) send in $10. And it would take them 3-4 weeks to ship the replacement unit. There are 100's of 1-star reviews for this reason, and it is even highly reported on the www.cpsc.gov site. Typical example of flaky company not standing behind their piece of junk. The first one worked OK for the first year or so. Then the heating elements began to bend and split open. How the heck does that happen??? Not worth the time and trouble to contact the manufacturer.  Faith in the Cuisinart brand compelled me to give this thing a second chance, so bought another. Within a year the exact same thing happened.  I have to think this creates a serious fire hazard, and I imagine Cuisinart will be facing lawsuits over it, if they haven't already. Total junk. Again, am not going to compound the disgust by contacting them and asking for a refund or replacement - plenty of reviewers here made that mistake. The good news is that Cuisinart will never ever fool me again, they have lost a customer for life. How is it that Cuisinart can continue to sell this item when there have been so many reports of cracked heating elements and even fires?  I purchased this toaster oven several years ago and have recently noticed that the lower element has a crack in it. The cracked area glows brighter than the rest of the element.  I have no idea how long the crack has been there -- but not taking any chances.  This is a fire waiting to happen.  Even though the item works fine and I like the design overall, it's going in the trash and I will be looking to purchase a different brand. I purchased this toaster oven a little over two years ago and it was always problematic. The settings were always inaccurate and we constantly had to deal with charred toast or soggy quesadillas. After about a year of use, one of the broiler burners began to "droop" down, exposing the red hot metal. It finally stopped working all together. Not a durable product! It is a lot more inexpensive than the other toaster ovens for a reason! I recommend spending a bit more and get a decent one! I purchased this oven back on February of 2013 and I bet I only used about 5 times and the the other day I woke u to it being on....good thing I didnt have anything sitting on top like i usually do, unplugged it and plugged it back in  and the little light was off thought it was a fluke but noticed the burners heating up getting red hot.....this is a fire hazard it could have burned down my house..... I bought this because it was well rated. But now that I have it, I'm baffled about how this has good ratings. I have yet to get a properly toasted piece of bread - no matter what configuration I use for the various heights of the slide rack. Bread typically gets burnt, or doesn't toast at all. And there's NO timer!!! I've seen piece o' cr@p toasters at dollar stores, and they still have timers, yet this one doesn't. Baking is better, because it actually sorta works. But it doesn't work well. My old toaster oven that is 1/2 broken and over 10 years old bakes faster and more evenly. Broil is as bad as toasting. It either burns the item, or barely cooks it at all. This is a horrible product.  There's a three year warranty on this oven.  After a little over a year it went bad.  It cost about $50 in shipping and handling to return the item so I could get a replacement.  The repacement went bad in three months after that.  So in the space of 20 months two ovens went bad.  Because it's my second return, I only (hah!) have to pay $40  -  so I will have had to pay more than twice for this oven!  And how long before the third one goes bad??? the knobs have a small raised black ridge on the black dial, making it almost impossible to see where you have set the dials. its fine only if you never need to touch the dials (i.e. only use as a toaster). If you plan on switching between toasting and baking its simply a pain. It also lets noticeable smoke out of the door when heating. Ive never seen this happen before with other toaster ovens i had. I have typically been satisfied with cuisinart, but this unit is not good. I won't go through the litany of complaints I could lodge with this product; others have done it well. I'm on my second TOB-40. The first one lasted 18 months. I've had this one 6 months and I'm fed up. I'm ordering a $30.00 B&D.; Like everybody else, Cuisinart wanted me to ship my old unit back to them and then they would ship me the replacement. I did that, but the two ovens crossed in the mail. IOW, I got the replacement before they received the return. So if you feel $30 return shipping is a rip-off ... bought apr 2014.  Mar 2016 the lower element stopped working.  this is not acceptable for a $75 toaster oven branded Cuisnart....  Their products are usually much better.  the brand is why we bought his unit. The main positive is that it heats and toasts really quickly.  And it is compact and looks good.  The negatives:  1) The automatic slide out rack can become disconnected and almost fall out if you're not careful.  2) It's really hard to see the selector on the dials.  It is just a small raised black line on a black dial.  I have to bend down to look for it every time.  In low light, you will not be able to set the heat settings.  3) The biggest issue is that there is no timer, so you could leave the oven on, creating a fire hazard, if you're not careful.  I know this is a user issue, but for a unit at this price level, there really should be a safety mechanism built into the oven.  Cannot recommend, mainly due to the last two negatives.UPDATE 2-13-13This has got to be, hands down, the worst toaster oven I have ever owned.  Besides the items above, which continue to be an issue, this oven/toaster consistently burns bread on the bottom back side.  The rest of the toast is a very light, barely toasted brown.  The bottom rear is burnt to a crisp.  Our office is uniformly hates this toaster.  Unfortunately, It is going in the trash. My wife brought this to replace an old Black & Decker toaster oven. Arrived today and will be returned tomorrow. This oven is ridiculously hot when operating. My first attempt to use it was to make a piece of toast just to test it and on medium setting it burned the toast black, starting smoking up the kitchen, and was still cooking until I turned it off. That's when I found out the exterior of the entire oven was extremely hot. I would not have it sitting on my cabinet for fear it would burn it eventually. The back of the oven was so hot you could not touch it, although I did and I burned my finger good.  This would be extremely dangerous to have around children. My old toaster oven exterior is barely warm when operating. I think they cut too many corners in making this model and in doing so insured that I for one will not be looking at any other of this brand. My advice is to stay away from this. Ours broke after 2 years of light use.  I looked on Amazon to see if the issue we were having (cracked heating element) was common.  A person called MsG had posted a review with the same problem, and there were PAGES of comments on her review where people reported the same problem.  The heating elements are clearly not capable of lasting even the length of the warranty.  Getting the unit serviced under warranty is a $30 expense, which is hardly worth it if you only get another two years out of it.  I will never buy anything from this brand again. Do not buy this toaster oven. It looks nice, it works great, however, it is so unbelievably dangerous. When you open the door the hot metal tray and rack comes flying out at you every time. There is no mechanism or safety catch in place to keep it from sliding right out. Because of this, there is no way children could ever use this, or anyone who is not well equipped with oven mits and fast enough reflexes to stop the flesh-searing tray and rack from attacking their hands. Seriously, this is a huge design flaw that makes heating up old pizza one of the most perilous endeavors of your day. I have grown used to it and can deal with my purchase for now, however, I would NEVER buy this product again or advise anyone to buy this toaster oven. It almost feels like a cruel prank every time I use it. Returned the first one I received (Thank you, Amazon, for a great return experience!) because it operated on full blast heat in any mode.  This replacement is not making me happy and considering returning it and just using my old Cuisinart that looks a little beat up but still functions well.  For the price, I expect more. I actually bought this one from BBB and brought it home.  It has a great footprint, not too big and actually has a large size oven.  The big BUT here, is that the oven emanates LOTs of heat and gets really hot.  I would not feel comfortable walking away into another room while this is on.  I only tried the toast function, and could hear a popping noise at the back.  It gets so hot you can't touch the top or the sides.  I'm on the search for one that is better insulated now.  I had a wonderful Toastmaster toaster oven that lasted 7 years and you didn't feel the heat.  I do not know why anyone would give this a good review unless they had never owned a toaster oven before and prefer charbroiled food. I have owned a number of toaster ovens throughout my life and this is by far the worst. On the lightest setting it does not cook your food and the slightest turn of the knob to absolutely almost lightest results in burnt food every time. It also tripped my circuit breaker every other time I used it which was quite concerning. I had a huge convection oven toaster oven plugged in that spot before so it is not the outlet. And IT IS NOT A 6 SLICE TOASTER as advertised. It will fit 4 slices. The last 2 toaster ovens I have owned were 6 slice toasters- this is not even close to being large enough. It also made a weird clicking sound after cooking like a ticking time bomb. The rack is supposed to slide out but rather jerks forward in a very awkward manner and does to close smoothly. Also the top of the unit is a very ugly black not stainless and looks very cheap.It is very cheap- but I never used the convection feature on my nicer oven so I thought I didn't need to pay for that addition. However, I will pay more for features I don't use then deal with this piece of junk another day. Pro:  Makes great toast!  Con:  Two units failed identically at 18 months!I purchased a Cuisinart TOB-40 from BBB (not Amazon) in 2011.  Front bottom heating element began to warp and spark at about 18 months.  With a three-year warranty, I eventually called Cuisinart to request replacement; they initally indicated there would be a $10 shipping charge, but were willing to waive when I requested.  The replacement toaster oven worked just as well as the original for about 18 months, then the front bottom heating element began to warp and spark as before.  With a second toaster oven failing identically to the first, this appears to be a design defect rather than one bad item.  Because the original unit is now out of warranty, Cuisinart will not replace the second defective unit.  They did offer a 20% discount on any new item, though, as their agent pointed out, this is no deal given anyone can receive the same discount with a BBB coupon and without having to pay for shipping. I have now had my toaster oven for 15 months.  All was well and just what I needed for about a year.  Then the door started jamming.  I could get it opened but had to jerk it.  Now I can't get the door opened but just a crack.  Of course the warranty is expired.  I live alone, so it really doesn't get much wear and tear.  Deciding that Cuisinart should hold up better, I called them to find out  that this toaster oven had a 3 year warranty.  They are sending me a new one for $10 shipping and all i have to do is return the cord.  I like the toaster oven, so I hope this one lasts for years. This toaster started out not being my favorite because there is no simple timer you can set to cook things for a certain time. If you want to toast something, you select a darkness setting. Not a time. Some people like this. I don't. I find the first thing you toast doesn't toast as much as the subsequent thing you toast ('cause the toaster isn't hot yet), and so this darkness setting is misleading anyway.When the toasting completes, it starts beeping. That's good. That way you know your pizza bagels are done and you're ready for your 8-hour MMORPG session. However, if you're standing right next to the toaster and you prematurely stop it toasting, it also beeps. That's minorly annoying. I don't need to be alerted that the bagels are done. I know they are done. I stopped it myself, so STFU toaster!And the problem with this toaster that makes the other issues look like pluses, the door jammed... permanently. So I put a burrito in (3rd snack of the day), and I set it to cook. Then 30 min later when it was done, I went to pull it out, and I couldn't. The door had been getting stuck shut in the past, but usually a little extra force could open it. But it got worse and worse until this burrito hostage situation. The toaster is essentially garbage at this point, and I had to use grill tongs to rescue the burrito (the door will open about an inch or so still).Other reviews I've read about this toaster pointed out this same door-jam issue. In one case someone forced the door open, and it shattered the glass. At least that didn't happen to me. I hate this toaster and would only recommend it to people I hate. I really like this toaster oven for so many reasons BUT this is the second one I have bought and AGAIN the front heating element has arced so high it is nearly touching the oven rack. I thought the first one might have been defective by chance but getting a second one 2 1/2 years later with the same problem seems beyond mere coincidence to me. DON"T BUY THIS TOASTER OVEN! Obviously Cuisinart knows they are selling a product with this defect and they don't care. Because this happened beyond the 1 year warranty, they will not replace it. Also, I found that I cannot get a replacement heating element to fix it! I will have to find another brand to replace it. Cuisinart has an excellent reputation, but this is the worst design we've ever seen!  Dials are all black... only one spot on each dial is slightly raised, but it's black and you cannot see it.  I should have sent it back, but my husband painted the raised spots... Finding the right setting for toast has been impossible and we have reverted to our old toaster.  The oven itself works, but the alarm is set at such a high pitch it can not be heard by my husband.  We ended up with toast catching on fire... I would not recommend this to anybody. Our previous Krups lasted over 20 years, and the only reason we bought a new toaster oven was because we wanted a crumb catcher... what a waste of money! We've had three of this model, TOB-40, and all have been defective.  Ioriginally chose Cuisinart because I have several of their appliances,including a circa-1989 food processor, and they all work fine.  We  got it out of the box, and thedoor wouldn't close completely.  We exchanged that one for another andused it for around a year and a half.  Then the lower front heatingelement buckled and started glowing, obviously an unsafe situation.We exchanged that one for another, as we very much liked the operation and decided to take anotherchance on it.  Last night, a year and two months since we'd gotten the thirdone, I burned some frozen croissants on parchment paper that I'd bakedexactly the same way many times before.  I turned the oven off, opened the oven door, and wenton with the rest of my meal prep.  After we'd eaten, I noticed increasedburning smell, and looked inside to find that the croissants were evenmore burned and the parchment paper was about to catch on fire.  I looked upinside the top of the oven and saw that the broiler/top elements werestill glowing bright orange even though the oven had been turned completely off 15 orso minutes earlier.  The only way to turn off the elements was to unplugthe toaster oven.  If we'd left the house after dinner, I'm sure it wouldhave burned to the ground.  I suggest that if you own one of thesethings, ALWAYS unplug it when you're not using it and keep a close eye onit if you are.  I think these things are fire hazards, and if you've readother reviews you'll see that bad elements are a real problem withthis appliance.  I called Cuisinart to complain (I certainly don't want areplacement!) and the not-so-nice representative sounded like he'd heardit all a million times.  I offered our name and phone number in case theywanted to talk with us further to determine the problem, but he didn't want it.  He said he'dreport it to management, but all Cuisinart would do for us is to replaceit (assuming we mailed it back at our cost and sent in an additional $10, since it was still under warranty).I will be contacting Consumer Reports to see if they will investigate, as thissounds like a very common and dangerous problem with this appliance. Won't buy another.  First one I had for years had a door that continued to get harder and harder to open.  Finally donated to a college student who swore he could fix it.  No word on succes or failure.  Second one has a door that from day one doesn't close properly.  It toasts and heats and broils fine so for my purposes it works.  Just won't buy another Cuisinart Toaster Oven again.  Too many other choices to settle for one that's not up to par. Sadly, this one is bad.  Cannot get the same toast level consistently.  Must stand and watch or it will burn regardless of setting.  Door very difficult to operate after owning a short time.  Previous Cuisinart worked well for ten years.  This one going in the trash after a few months. I had this Toaster Oven for a little under three years and in recently started to smoke and the interior wiring shorted out.I contacted Cuisinart who told me that I was out of warranty and to just buy another one.During that time I had it, everything I tried to bake came out browned or burnt on the top and it took forever to toast a piece of bread (and never evenly)Based on this performance, I would not recommend buying this Toaster oven and stick with a more reliable brand.(The previous GE toaster oven I had lasted over 15 years, and cost a great deal less.)  Have had this toaster oven for several days, and I'm sending it back for a refund.  This unit will not toast!  I either get hot bread, or charcoal.  Have tried several settings and wasted half a loaf of bread.  I just remodeled my kitchen and paid more for this toaster oven because I wanted a nice appliance in my nice new kitchen.  I will say it doesn't look or feel like a cheapo the way so many toaster ovens do, but it's gotta toast toast!!  Very disappointed.  One star. Only have had this toaster oven for a couple of months and unfortunately it isn't working. It seems like there's an issue with the knob to change your settings (bake, toast, etc.) which shuts the unit off completely. I also don't like the fact that this oven doesn't have a timer so when I put something in, I have to set a timer so that it doesn't burn. You should be aware this oven does not have a timer or automatic shut-off, which I consider a fire hazard.It appears well built and arrived in good condition, but other than using the toast or bagel setting, which have preset timers, when you use it under bake, broil, or warm it does not have a timer. So, it can go on forever. Also, the toast/bagel setting seem to cook at very high temperature (the manufacturer doesn't specify the temperature) for a relatively short period of time (3-5 minutes), so it doesn't help to use these settings for baking as a way to have a timer and shut-off.There are two basic controls you need in a toaster oven: temperature and time. Everything else is secondary. The three knobs this oven comes with do not do this basic job.I returned it for a refund. I have this toaster oven and the oven stopped working.  I called Cuisinart and was told that the three year warranty doesn't cover postage and that I'd have to send them the oven before they'd send me a new one.  It is quite heavy and the postage would be nearly the cost of a new one.  So if I have to pay for a new one, it won't be a Cuisinart.  Reading the Q&A; here, apparently many others have had difficulty with this product. The design illustrated is no longer made.  I have used an old TOB-40, which looks like the illustration, for about ten years; it has been an excellent appliance.  When I set my new TOB-40 on a counter, instead of standing on four legs it wobbled on two.  The thermostat on the new TOB-40 malfunctions.  In use, it doesn't turn the heating elements back on until the oven is too cool, with the result that they stay on until they are bright orange before getting the oven back up to the set temperature, charring whatever I was cooking.  The elements in the old oven never got hotter than a dull red, which did not char food. The first time I washed the crumb tray it bent. I straightened it, and the next time I was careful not to bend it.  It bent again.  I have cleaned the crumb tray in my old TOB-40 innumerable times over ten or so years and it never bent.  The new crumb tray is too flimsy to be cleaned without bending it.  I tried to pull the tray out while the oven was hot and burned myself--that is what the  black insert in the old tray prevented.  Cuisinart used to produce good products; the new TOB-40 is junk.  I have also read a report of a Cuisinart blender bursting apart when the plastic gears broke.  It appears that Cuisinart no longer makes the quality products which built its reputation. While as a toaster oven, it's fine, this item was purchased because our last toaster oven was left on twice in one week.We decided it was time to get a more modern one that had an "automatic shutoff safety feature" like this one -- as advertised on the product page.After seeing nothing in the manual about such a feature, I called Cuisinart.  After being put on hold a couple of times for the customer service specialist to check, I was informed that the unit had a timer.  I told her it does not have a timer.I was put on hold again.When she came back on the line, she informed me that the timer she's referring to is on the toast setting -- being able to set it for lighter or darker.In other words, we just purchased a toaster oven that will turn off ONLY WHEN TOASTING.I guess I didn't realize that I already had a toaster oven with an "automatic shutoff safety feature."Criminal advertising. I purchased this item in February of 2014 and completely broke down in November of same year. My wife was baking when she heard a loud sound and smelled smoke. The toaster oven would not turn off while the hating element began to burn the metal inside and outside the unit.She had to then unplug the unit. We realize that the life span of these small appliances is very brief (2 to 3 years), but they shouldn't just catch on fire. This unit should be recalled because it could potentially start a fire in your house. DO NOT buy Cuisinart products, they are a fire hazard!!!!! Overall, we've been pretty happy with the oven.  With an exception.. it suddenly stopped working all together, and, while Cuisinart customer support was good about offering a replacement.  We have to pay shipping both ways.. probably will cost us $20 to replace an oven which is less than 2 months old.So... be careful.  If you find other folks with reliability issues with this oven....Update.. reducing to 1.  It is ridiculous that a 2 month old oven cost us $27 to replace under warranty.  $10 billed to us by cuisinart and $17 to send back.  Crazy... so.. I'd find a better option... So, we did love this thing and we still use it daily; however, we have also now experienced the very common "split heating element" chronic manufacturing/design defect.  While this does not render the oven un-usable it does pose a SIGNIFICANT hazard since it creates an unequal amount of heat distribution through the element and thereby creates a "hot spot" on the element which is very apparent by the much brighter glow at the split.  I have since contacted Cuisinart and am awaiting their response which I am optimistic will end in my satisfaction as a customer and potential long-term brand loyalist despite this one setback.  I realize this stuff happens and it's really up to the brand managers at companies, such as Cuisinart, who will determine if this sort of thing builds greater brand loyalty or if it leads to customers running away and taking others with them (either toward the brand for the former or away for the latter).  I'm optimistic that Cuisinart will do the right thing here and I'll re-post when they do (again, optimistically).  In the mean time, I cannot recommend this toaster/broiler.  Our old Black & Decker toaster oven was almost 20 years old when it just looked too nasty to keep any longer but it was still functioning just fine.  I expect Cuisinart to have figured out the design flaw in this unit and to issue a replacement free of charge as such. I tried to use the Cuisinart TOB-40 to toast a pair of English muffins. The operation was easy: set the Function dial to Toast; set the Toast Shade dial to your desired done-ness (I chose medium); press the Start button. It turned on. Great start.After a couple minutes, it shut itself off. When I looked at the English muffins, I did not agree they were toasted to a medium shade, so I closed the door, turned the Toast Shade dial to dark and pressed the start button again. Nothing happened. I figured maybe that was a cool-down safety feature or something (which I also thought would get very annoying - what if you wanted to toast more than one batch of whatever?), so I finished the English muffins in a regular toaster.A day later I tried to turn the toaster oven on again and it wouldn't. I tried every setting (toast, bagel, bake, broil) and different outlets (you know, just in case), but it wouldn't turn on. I contacted Amazon for a return and they accepted it back with a full refund. I considered getting a replacement instead, but with so many other brands to choose from, I just didn't want to give another Cuisinart toaster oven a try.  I too have the same problem with the bottom heating element splitting. I also tried customer service and was given the option to pay shipping both ways to have the toaster replaced. I tried to get them to at least pay one way by providing a pre-paid return shipping label (the way they did for one person on here) but to no avail. I told them instead, that I would  opt to try the Panasonic NB-G110p toaster that others on here have suggested which gets a better feedback rating. I give it one star for poor workmanship and not owning up to it. There were no instructions in the manual regarding using the oven for first time.To be safe, before using this for the first time I phoned Cuisinart and asked the service rep if any preparation was needed to be done before the first use. I was told no. So, a week later I prepared a very large cornbread using all expensive organic ingredients and put it in the oven. The odor the oven was giving off was horrible, like burning plastic. I phoned Cuisinart and was told by the service rep that I should have turned the oven on to the highest temp with the door open for 10 minutes or so before the first time. I told her that there were no such instructions in the manual and I phoned Cuisinart a week prior was not told such. Then I asked her is this corn bread safe to eat and was told yes. I said that I disagreed, especially since I am a cancer patient.So I inquired about getting reimbursed for the costly ingredients that were going in the garbage.She said I would  have to phone corporate and she doubted they would compensate me.I called corporate and got no where and posted a bad review on their page which disappeared days later. Before using it again I  turned the oven on for 45 minutes on the highest temp withthe door open. I have  used this oven 4 times and it still stinks, not as bad, but still.Never again will I buy any products from a company like Cuisinart  who couldn't care less about customer satisfaction and health. it burns every single piece of toast i've ever put it in regardless of bread thickness. i have it on the lowest setting for toast and temperature and some part of the toast will come out black. bagels too. you can't exactly watch the bottom of the bread as it toasts so there's no point in standing there. as if anyone has time in the morning to stand next to a toaster and wait for it! the cheap ($10.00 and under) toasters they sell at drugstores work better than this thing! the price on this crap is ridiculous.IF i could only return this darn thing! but instead of throwing it in the trash and ending up in a landfill, i'll give it to goodwill and someone will pick it up and become as frustrated with it as me! or maybe they'll figure out how to make the thing actually work instead of burn toast.oh, and it takes up a ton of counter space!!!!!!!!!!!!!!how did i end up with this thing? my mom gave it to me with good intentions that cuisinart was a great brand. not in this case! Please read the questions/answers for this item.  Several have posted that the heating element on the right side has warped and bent and is now a fire hazard.  Mine worked great for 2 years, and then this slowly happened, wish I had seen the comments below!  Getting 2 years out of a $25.00 toaster oven would seem reasonable, but I expected more at this price point.  Disappointed in Cuisinart, this is a known hazard and they haven't recalled the product. I had to return it.  Even if it worked properly, which it didn't, there are a couple of design flaws.  In the recommended "toast" position, the rack's rails are below the front rail which creates a lip.  This means sliding hot toast out is unpleasant as it gets stuck on that lip, and touching it with your fingers is painful.  Whoever designed that should remember this is first and foremost A TOASTER.  If it is not optimal for toasting, then it's not a good idea.  On top of that, this filled up with smoke when toasting, and when baking a potato, it clicked incessantly causing our lights to flicker.  This one was a lemon. We received the Cuisinart TOB-40 last week and used it to bake a small casserole.  During the entire baking time the oven made an annoying and loud series of rapid clicks.  I called Cuisinart and they told me that the oven should not be making that noise, that it is defective.  I just received a replacement toaster oven from Amazon and set it on the bake setting and got the same loud series of rapid clicks every couple of minutes.  I'll be returning this one too and will be looking for another brand of toaster oven.  This was my first Cuisinart appliance.  I thought they had a good reputation, but apparently not very good quality control. This is a very pretty toaster oven. I returned it  because the first and only time I used it the sides got so hot I burned myself. I was afraid it was dangerous getting that hot and I didn't want to be burned again. I purchased this oven June of 2011. I loved this oven for about a year until the lower element began to split and eventually break. The toaster then only had the top elements. I wrote a letter to Amazon and received an unexpected email from the manufacturer. They too said they would send me a replacement if I returned the defective one. $35 for the shipping!!! I never sent it. They sent me a replacement anyway!!? I was very pleased for about 1 year and 4 months!! The same thing happened again!!? WTH! The lower elements burned out!!! I am going to junk it. I just bought an Oster which I owned for more than ten years before I purchased the Cuisinart which was an upgrade, I thought. It sure was a great toaster until then so 5 stars for that and customer service, but 1 star for programmed obsolescence. Bummer Bought this in September 2013 and in less than a year the front panel got jammed. Had turned it off and was trying to open the stuck panel by jiggling it and see what was going on when the whole front glass panel just shattered. I was not yanking it that hard, it just came right off and shattered glass bits all over the kitchen counter. Very cheaply made and not durable. I previously owned one of these so I bought the newer model as a replacement.  From the start it was of very low quality.  The door was EXTREMELY difficult to open - requiring two hands and a LOT of force (not like the previous version we owned).  The knob settings were difficult to read. The toaster setting/thermostat didn't work. If the toast level was turned up very slightly above the lowest setting the toast would burn.  Overall it was clear that this product had taken a serious quality hit - junk!  I should have returned it within the first 2 weeks (purchased in May 2013).  Today in trying to open the front do my wife had to pull so hard the front glass SHATTERED!  It is now where it belongs in the garbage can!  Cuisinart should be ashamed of producing a product with clearly any lack of quality or quality control.  BECAUSE OF REVIEWS HERE, I CHOSE THIS MODEL------ PLEASE REVIEWERS,  WAIT A FEW MONTHS OR YEAR TO EVALUATE A PRODUCT. THE WARRANTY SOUNDS GOOD, BUT IF  YOU MUST WAIT FOR REPLACEMENT, WHAT DO YOU DO FOR MORNING TOAST IN THE MEANTIME ,  IF IT CATCHES FIRE  --- EVEN WORSE.  IT`S TOO COSTLY TO SEND BACK, AND TOO TIME CONSUMING TO WAIT.  I THINK MANUFACTURERS KNOW THIS ---- GOOD MARKETING TOOL FOR VERY LITTLE DOWN SIDE FOR THEM.  I`M BOYCOTTING CUISINART, AND REMIND AMAZON CUSTOMERS THAT EVEN IF YOU SAVE A BIT OF CASH, RETURNING MAIL ORDERED ITEMS CAN BE TOO XPENSIVE.  THINK ABOUT THE WHOLE  PICTURE.  MY NEXT WILL BE BOUGHT LOCALLY FROM RETAILER WITH EASY RETURN. I was very happy with this product for a little over one and a half years.  Then one day after the timer went off the toaster oven didn't.  I even unplugged it, plugged it back in and with all the controls set to off, the heating element heated up again.  Since the warranty was  for 3 years, I decided to give Cuisinart a call.  At first I thought they were going to be very helpful and just replace the toaster oven right away.  But as I talked with the customer service rep, I realized that I was going to have to pay $10 to have the new one shipped to me and to pay to send them the defective unit back.  The supervisor helped me out by telling me that it would probably cost me $20 or more to ship it back (after checking on USPS it was more like $35.  So after talking for a while the best they could do is waive the $10 shipping.  I think it is outrageous for a company to make someone pay to send back a defective product that could very well lead to a fire in my house.  And after a quick search, I learned that I'm not the only one.  Check out the consumerist.com posts about Cuisinart.  This one is my favorite: [...] I have bought multiple Cuisinart products over the years but will never buy one again! This seemed great except that the switches in the bake setting began to fail and while we thought that by just setting the temp. a little higher or lower it would work it has become worse and now Amazon will not accept a return because it is a few days past the window!? Anyway overall it is a disappointing, poorly made and designed machine. Spend more and get a good one or spend less and get an Oster. My $40 Oster was better than this and I thought I was upgrading. Wrong. Cuisinart and Amazon are a big disappointment on this one. After owning for 4 months, the glass door became very difficult to open and close. The door eventually would not open and the glass shattered when i tried to pull on it. Terrible product. Very dissapointed. I bought this toaster in January 2012,  It worked well for awhile and then started falling apart a little over a year from purchase.  The covering on the bottom burner split open and the split slowly spread until the entire burner burned out.  But before any of this happened--about 2 months after I bought this one--I bought a second one for my vacation home.  Within slightly more than a year the same thing happened to that one.  This toaster doesn't seem particularly expensive, but for a disposable item, it sure is.  My money was just thrown away. i bought this toaster for my parents as a christmas gift. xmas 2012. by may of 2013, it was totally out of order. it seems that the timer and temperature controls have stopped working, so if you dont unplug the toaster after toasting it will continue to heat and heat and heat and probably wind up burning the damn house down. cant use the baking function anymore because it continues to heat up way past the temperature you set it to heat to. my parents are not heavy toaster users, so the fact that it all went to hell in 5 months is unacceptable. next time i'll spend more money and get something a little better. I purchased this toaster oven just 2 years ago.  I have loved it until it almost burnt my house down last night.  I went to use it last night and the Bake function was not working.  I turned it to the off position then and ended up using my regular oven. During the night I woke up to a burning smell in my house.  I go downstairs and the toaster oven was on!!!!!  The dial on the toaster was still on OFF!!!  This product needs to be recalled because I have looked at other reviews and saw that other people had the same issue.  Warning DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!!!!! We purchased the toaster oven in June of 2013, and stopped worked a couple of months ago (shortly after the 2-year warranty).  Our main use was for toasting bread, and one reason why we bought the oven was because the advertisement read consistent toasting every time.  Well, it was not consistent, and have since noticed that they advertise of the packaging that you will get a consistent toast (or bake).  So, between the short life time for a toaster that should last 10 years, and the inconsistency in it's toasting ability, it gets a one star.  However, if you do not need a long lasting toaster oven and don't mind the differences in toasting quality, then the pull out shelf, and the single push button for toasting are nice features that I am very surprised are not incorporated into other toaster/ovens in this price range. If you are making toast, and want a giant toaster, this is fine.  For anything else, make sure you have a fire extinguisher handy.  I previously had the TOB-100, which I ultimately bought again, immediately after buying this one.  It has none of the safety features of the TOB-100.  The only thing on a timer is the toast.  The slightest mistake in setting the controls can set you on broil instead of bake.  And you will have to use a separate timer.To top it all off, this one came without one of the parts, the grill rack.  Cuisinart is sending me another, but I don't even think I will donate this.  It is too dangerous.  Stay away.  Spend more, and get the TOB-100, or another higher-end model.  This is a disaster waiting to happen. I am updating my previous post on this item. One of the reasons I bought this is because it says origin is the USA. The oven was just delivered. I picked up the package and the first thing I see on the box is "MADE IN CHINA". This does NOT make me happy. It will be the last Cuisinart toaster oven I buy. I haven't decided if I am going to open it or simply return to Amazon. This deception is why I am dropping my rating from 3 stars to 1.I bought this toaster oven just over 3 years ago after doing much research. I love the bigger size and different cook options. We use it a lot for baking and warming foods. My small Pyrex dishes fit perfectly and I can do small casseroles in this instead of the big oven. This saves on the electric bill and doesn't heat up the house as much. About six months ago there were times when the oven wouldn't turn off with the knob and I would have to unplug it to get the burners to shut off. I continued to use it because I love it and to get the most value out of the purchase. This week the thermostat stuck on HIGH heat and burned my baked potatoes in no time. This morning it burned my bacon in an extremely short amount of time. It is time for a new toaster oven and after researching again I will reluctantly buy the same model again.If you are looking for an oven to make mostly toast this is probably not for you as it takes too long for the toast to brown and it gets too hard for my liking. I make toast upon occasionally and always let the oven warm up before placing in the bread and it does okay.I would have given this oven 5 stars if I had not had the mechanical issues. These aren't minor issues and could be really dangerous if I had not kept an eye on it when using, after knowing it wouldn't turn off.  Had to send ours back, no ding when toast was ready, I read the instructions twice and confirmed that it was a defective device. The dials were a little hard to read, overall it was decently made but poor quality control. I gave this toaster to my sister who was in the process of moving and the oven was not immediately used.  After less than three months of use, this has stopped working.  It no longer heats. Going to attempt to return through the Cuisinart website. I purchased this toaster oven less than 3 years ago. The two bottom elements have failed because they were so poorly made. It is sad that a brand name like Cuisinart has chosen a POOR manufacturing partner. I received this toaster oven as a Christmas gift and it worked well for a year and a half.  I used it daily for toast.  Six months ago I noticed the lower front heating element was starting to crack and glow.  I have replaced many Cal-rod type heaters over the years so I thought, no big deal.  I will but replacements and change them out.  NOT GONNA HAPPEN.  Cuisinart does not sell replacements.The front element arced out this morning so I can no longer toast my bread.  I will not get another Cuisinart product as they are clearly, based on other one star reviews, quite content to sell a product that is guaranteed to fail past the warrentee period.  Not even offering replacement parts for a well known failure mode is not acceptable.Gonna look at Panasonic infrared units.... I absolutely loved this toaster.  Besides a VERY loud beep when it was done, it was the perfect size.After almost 2 years of great use, THE BOTTOM BURNER WILL NOT TURN OFF, EVEN WHEN THE DEVICE IS OFF.  I made some muffins in the morning and in the afternoon I tried to bake something, but it wouldn't turn off.  The heat was way past the "temperature," so we just turned it off.  It CONTINUED to heat.  We had to unplug it.  Please read the other reviews who have had similar problems, and ignore the initial positive reviews for people who haven't owned it long.  I took it apart, and it is unfixable, so I'm very disappointed.  I will not buy it again- it is way too dangerous as a flaw. Good luck and steer clear of this one!! We had this toaster oven for about 2 years and I loved everything about it, until it failed catastrophically! I used to it roast some veggies as a side dish for dinner. Removed the food and turned it off. Later that evening, we heard a loud pop noise,but weren't sure where it came from, since no one was in the kitchen at the time. We checked around the house and chalked it up to the TV/DVD player which was running (and had coincidentally skipped) at the same time. I just happened to walk through the kitchen on my way to bed later that night and found the toast oven was still on. ...and not just on, on full power and blazing hot even on the outside. Turning the power switch on and off did nothing. It had to be unplugged to shut it off, It had super-heated the cabinet above it and no doubt had I not noticed it, we would have awoken to a smoke alarm and our kitchen engulfed in flames. There should be some kind of safety shut-off or fuse or something to prevent this type of incredibly dangerous failure. I'm highly disappointed! DANGEROUS PRODUCT!!  DO NOT BUY!  After only two years of using this product, if the toaster oven is plugged in, it automatically heats all elements to combustion. It will not stop heating and heating and heating until it is unplugged.  With lots of kids in the house continually heating up frozen pizzas and such, this toaster oven by Cuisinart TOB-40 is so incredibly dangerous that it has been removed from the premises.  It was a wonderful oven until the on/off switch stopped working and the unit continued to heat and heat and heat.  Luckily, we realized what was happening and quickly unplugged the unit.  Don't buy.  Definite fire hazard. I originally purchased the TOB-40 to replace a Black and Decker that lasted me some 15+ years. The first one I bought would not cook anything in the oven, but the toaster part worked fine. Cuisinart sent me a replacement which I had to pay $10 for shipping. I was then told to return the first one to them. UPS wanted $66 to send it to them - I paid $69 for the oven!!!! I told them I would not return it for that amount and they told me if I didn't the warranty would be void! That was in January of this year. It is now September and the oven will not heat past 290 and it took 12 minutes to get that warm. I'm now stuck with a toaster oven that is basically a TOASTER! BUYER BEWARE...This product is a fire hazard! Read all the reviews about the heating element warping. It's not worth the risk. It happened to mine as well, less then 2 years old. Yes, it's still under warranty, but why would I want the same faulty unit? It looks nice and works great, until the heating elements starts to warp. After warping comes snapping. Is that what you want in a kitchen appliance? I wish Cuisinart would do something about this before someone gets hurt. This is by far the worst toaster oven that I have ever owned!!!! It never toasted bread evenly often burning it on the lowest setting.  We threw out numerous loves of bread due to this problem.  Recently it caused my bread to catch fire on the lowest setting halfway through its cycle.  Fortunately my cabinets did not catch fire from the flames shooting out through the door of the unit, and I was able to stop the fire before my house burned down.I called Cuisinart's customer service center to alert them of this problem and to see what they could do for me.  Their representative was extremely rude and unhelpful.  She informed me that it wasn't the fault of the toaster oven but the bread, since the appliance itself did not start on fire!?!?  Cuisinart would send me the same toaster oven if I would pay to ship it to my house and then pay to ship the old one back to them.  I do not wish to pay them any more money for an appliance that will possibly start my house on fire.Worst toaster ever!!  I had been very pleased with this toaster oven, but I happened to be reading the reviews and noticed all of the ones that mentioned swollen and split heating elements. So I checked mine, and yep, same problem. I am afraid to keep using it, so will look for another more reliable brand. I purchased this Cuisinart TOB-40 in May 2013 and initially I was really pleased with it.  I have a very small kitchen and this unit didn't take up half my counter space, I liked the way it looked, the ease of operation, the way it toasted the bread, baked, warmed, etc.  In fact, I like everything about it UNTIL about three months ago.  I just happened to notice that one of the heating elements on the bottom was melting and was nearly touching the bottom of the toaster-oven.  It could have happened earlier but I just noticed it then.  I have been afraid to use it as I believe it to be a fire hazard.  Since my toaster-oven is/was still under warranty, I contacted Cuisinart and I was told that I would have to pay to have it shipped back to them and that I needed to insure the package, PLUS I would have to pay Cuisinart "a shipping and processing fee of $10.00 to have the new one shipped to me".  I then went to Amazon.com to read the product reviews and was appalled to read that so many other people were/are having the exact same problem and were told they too were responsible for the shipping cost to return the product to Cuisinart.  I didn't see where anyone was told that they would have to pay the $10.00 fee for processing the new toaster.  I guess that may be a new requirement.  I think this is ridiculous since obviously Cuisinart is fully aware of this flaw in that model oven.  One can purchase a new toaster oven for nearly the same amount and not have all the hassle of packing up and returning the defective one.  Has anyone has the problem with a heating element melting with any of Cuisinart's other model toaster-ovens? My husband and I received this toaster oven as a wedding gift.  We used it for about one week and everything seemed fine.  Then one evening as I was just about to turn around and peer into the toaster oven to see if my mozzarella sticks and taquitos were done, I heard a loud pop beside me. The glass door had exploded into thousands of tiny shards of hot glass; some pieces were blown four feet from the oven; most landed within a couple of feet from the oven. The glass was so hot that it began to stick to my counter top and was very difficult to remove.  What if one of us had been standing near it, or looking into the oven, or opening the door at the time? Burns and blindness could easily have resulted.  This is a very dangerous oven  DO NOT BUY! Warning, this product should be recalled. I've owned three units- replaced twice under warranty. Every time the bottom heating element has melted, corrupted, bowed, whatever. The first time it started to fray like a rope unraveling. The second time, one side collapsed as thought it melted.  The third and last unit's element is sagging after only 7 months, and I won't use it because it is touching the tray pan.My last two toaster ovens lasted on average 9 years.  We are not abusive users.  This product fit all our requirements and worked well until these lower element breakdowns. This is a dangerous toaster on two counts:  i) the back of the oven gets so hot, it melted the cord that was accidentally touching it (note: there is nothing in the design from stopping the cord from getting too close); ii) the oven also melted the paint off the windowsill that the oven backed up to.  In addition, the bottom element has become progressively more and more bent over time and now contains a large split in the outer covering.  We may or may not send this back under the warranty, because I understand it costs ~ $50, due to the fact that you need to ship the old oven back to them and pay for shipping and handling on the new one.  I am considering just buying a cheapo replacement.  Our previous oven cost about $50 and lasted 5 years.  Granted, it didn't look as nice, but $80 for an oven that lasted a year? - come on!Update: received a replacement model about 18 months ago after paying the $50 shipping - element on new toaster has bent the same way as the old ones did (see photo). I have had this toaster oven for 2 years and 6 months..the warranty is 3 years. One of the bottom heating elements warped and broke, which you can read about in other reviews. The only option Cuisinart gives is to ship you a new one for $10, and then they want you to ship the defective unit back to them, which costs at least half of the price of a new one. This really turned me off of Cuisinart. This seems to be a known issue, and they will not correct it, nor will they make it right. Go with another brand. After one week and 2 previous uses, I tried to use it again. Power wouldn't workCuisinart TOB-40 Custom Classic Toaster Oven Broiler. Had to return it. If I could give this product a 0, I would.  I used this toaster oven 5 times to toast bread. Tried to toast bread today and it will not work in any plug. I think it burned up because it had a burning smell to it.  Save your money.  This one is no better than the cheap ones. This toaster oven doesn't really have a built in smoke alarm.  However, the high-pitched beeping sound that it makes when it finishes toasting or baking or whatever you told it to do, does sound EXACTLY like a smoke alarm.  This is the only thing I could find wrong with this unit.  It does everything as it should and works perfectly in all respects.As a few other reviewers have mentioned, it gets quite hot on top when it's cooking.  Since I have no desire to touch the oven while it's working, this isn't a problem for me.We've had this unit for over a month and use it almost every day.  It works great.  Go buy one if you're in the market.UPDATE: 07/26/2014 - The lower heating element has warped and cracked and become a fire hazard.  This is the same defect that has hit many other reviewers here.  I'm writing to Cuisinart to complain that they sold a defective unit and continued to sell it even after customers reported the problem.  I would advise everyone to avoid this model and buy something else. We used this toaster for a little under two years before one of the heating elements split open and caught on fire. I was just toasting some toast, so we weren't doing anything unusual. It toasted things unevenly and tended to leave really burned spots on toast while the rest was not even quite cooked. I do not recommend it at all.  This toaster oven doesn't have a timer, so you have to turn it off manually.  That may sound like a small thing, but it's a deal breaker for me.  I'm a busy mom, and I'm always doing three things at once. On my old toaster oven, I could put food in, set the timer for 10 minutes, (or whatever) go do something else, and the oven would ding when the time was up and turn itself off.  Without a timer, I have to stay and watch the food so it doesn't burn, and with 2 kids  - that really doesn't work for my lifestyle. I just put this back in the box. It's going back tomorrow. this thing never really worked properly from the get go. now after a little over a year the heating elements warped and the thing doesn't heat up anymore. i remember when small appliances like this lasted 10 years or so. no more. now everything's chinese junk. i just purchased a breville to replace this one. i'm curious to see how long this one will last. don't waste your money on this piece of junk. I was just about to purchase a replacement of this item due to the heating element warping and sparking. It was purchased in 2012 and outside the warranty. I am glad I read the reviews first. This model should be recalled by Cuisinart until they can assure they have resolved this issue. I will not be purchasing a replacement. Dangerous appliance!  Less than two years old, and the door stopped opening properly.  Had to force it open. Then, two weeks ago, I turned it off, but it didn't go off!  Came home to a terrible smell. The oven was so hot it was starting to melt the coffee maker!  Then, I yanked the door toopen it, and the glass shattered. Their customer service blew me off and said I was out of warranty.  Two crummy years!  Do not buy a cuisinart product. Dangerous and no help from the company.  (Oh, and my friends oven, the same model, same door problems.) I bought this oven for my small kitchen. I use it around twice a day for toasting and baking. Its great for toasting although the beeping sound after its done cannot be turned off. I haven't got any issues, other than what I'm going to state below, while using it for the past two months.Its been great except for the extremely loud clicking sound it makes when i turn the temperature anywhere between 370 and 430. I feel a click once i reach that threshold. Then some sort of mechanism starts and every few seconds it would start making that noise along with all the lights in my apartment flickering. I contacted Cuisinart and they deflected my email, stating that I have to contact another department. They weren't helpful and unwilling to recognize my issue. I have read on a couple of reviews that people are having a similar problem. Cuisinart obviously hasn't fixed the problem and they are allowing this to happen to a "hopefully" small percentage of the ovens they sell. Next time I'm buying a product I will make sure I avoid Cuisinart.This issue happened on the second time I used the oven for baking. The first time I used it I set the temperature to either 350 or 450 (which works pretty fine until now). I'm still concerned with the issue, for safety's sake, I have stopped putting the temperature to 400. I purchased this toaster oven 2 years ago.  Although it worked okay, the stainless steel finish burnt along the outside upper edge and looked terrible.  Then yesterday, it caught on fire!!  One of the 2 heating elements on the bottom had bent and disconnected from the side.  Sparks, then flames started coming from the end of the heating element. I had not even been using the toaster oven when this happened. Thankfully, I was home and in the kitchen when it happened or our home could have gone down in flames.  I contacted Cuisinart and the rep said he has heard of this happening before!!! I recommended recalling the item but he said it was too rare of an incident to do that!  They are refunding my money and sending me a shipping label to return the damaged product so their techs can take a look at it.  Buyer Beware...DO NOT BUY THIS TOASTER OVEN. Very poor quality. From it's first use, the door would stick and would be painfully difficult to open. It didn't take long for the door to stay permanently stuck two inches open. The toaster oven could not be used after only four weeks! The door connection stuck inside the wall of the toaster so you could close it but not open it.  I was able to unplug and use a tool to bend the latch sideways so it would open (with food still inside).  But it soon started catching again.  My son tried to open it after using and when he pulled the door the glass shattered and the latch broke off.  It is under warranty but shipping etc. will cost as much as a new toaster and there is no reason to believe a replacement will last any longer.  I liked the size and function, but this is an incredibly short life for a small appliance.  I resent the time to have to replace it so soon.  Not recommended.  You could pay $500 for one that lasts ten years and do better than $79 for 9 months of life. This was a great toaster oven, until one of the bottom heating elements warped.  I liked the larger size, and use it almost daily.  But now, anything in the back, right part of the oven burns.  Toast is always burned on one edge.EDITED TO ADD:  I called Cuisinart and they will replace for a $10 replacement fee.  All I have to send back is the cord.  I like the oven enough to give it a second try. After 2 1/2 years the lower front heating element has completely warped, and will likely soon break. It also sits on top of a microwave oven, and if your hand makes contact between the outer casing of the microwave and the toaster oven when the toaster is on, you get an electric shock!Many other customers are reporting the same issue (re: the heating element, not the mild electrocution). This product is clearly defective and should undergo a safety recall. However, the company apparently only offers a replacement under warranty, at the cost of a new toaster.So unless you are interested in spending $25/year on toaster ovens, and risking your life, you may want to consider another toaster oven. Preferably not one from Cuisinart.  