Excellent! I stayed here when seeing some broad way show. The food in the Tower is so good! Beautiful place. Loved to take a stroll in the garden! TRUMP!!!
This place is amazing with some excellent restaurants and great stores. The decor is high-end glitzy......love to visit.  It looks very Presidential.
Service is wonderful, & the Tower is very festive for the holidays. Make sure that you have one of the snowman cocktails-adorable & delicious. A New York landmark that has earned its landmark status.
One of the great opulent buildings in Manhattan. The entry experience stays with you. Top class structure for a top class address. Friendly staff, beautiful stonework, and exceptional vendors. A great New York experience.
AMAZING! I had a wonderful thanksgiving plate today at the trump tower on Ave of the Americas. Lots of security now that Donald trump has been elected. As my mom and I entered the tower, we were greeted by doormen and security. They were very sweet. We went down to the dining area.
There was a prefixed thanksgiving menu with limited options. I had chicken parmigiana with side spaghetti and steamed zucchini. We received the food on trays and carried it over to a small area with tables and chairs next to a nice waterfall. Everything is GOLD. I'm a girl with flashy expensive taste so I was pretty amused the whole time. It was amazing. After our entree section of the meal. We went back for a slice of cannoli cake and coffee. SUPER DELICIOUS! After our yummy food, we took a look in the gift shop and bought some trump hats! We had a wonderful time! Definitely check it out!!!
Beautiful interior. worth a look if you've never been.  You can take the escalator up to the fifth floor and take a snap on the way down.

They have a clean bathroom to use, without having to purchase anything.

They also have food onsite including a Starbucks.  I didn't eat the food.

I'd recommend the place, especially if you need a bathroom, but also to see for yourself.
Great visit in NYC. The pure beauty is stunning. Enjoy the best ice cream the city has to offer. DJT's favorite!
Perfect place to escape and get a cup of coffee or something to eat. Also some nice stores and an overall grande feeling. Make America Great Again!
Loved the shopping and the cafe. 
I bought ties and chocolates  and cuff links for my husband 
All contribution sales go to the Trump campaign

They turn away sales from nonUS citizens

I really liked my shopping and eating experience in the atrium 

Police throughout
Yes! Phenomenal venue, service and food. Everyone should go! Sure there is an abundance of gold plated decor but it is reminiscent of a more decadent time.
‼Love love love‼
‼Trump Quality‼
Most beautiful, exciting place TO BE‼
Luxurious, beautiful, architectural‼
Spent my day there‼
Great Food. I highly recommend it‼
I love staying at Trump hotels. It felt pretty cool coming down the gold escalator haha. Security is tight, but totally understandable. Love the outdoor gardens in a few of the floors. Place was spotless and staff was very friendly. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
This is one of the great marvels of the world, maybe the great marvel of the world. There is no place on earth like New York City, and no place in New York City like Trump Tower.
This is a building teeming with history - its design was revolutionary when Donald Trump built it in 1983, and in more recent times it has been the stage for the hit television show The Apprentice, which was a very successful show and remained at the top of the ratings year after year. Now Trump Tower is a political center. It's where Donald Trump houses his campaign offices.
I've been coming to Trump Tower for many years, as a tourist and on business. I have to tell you that Trump Tower is immaculate, a shining monument to capitalism and to the American Dream. Must-see sites include the Trump Bar (see my review), Trump Grill (see my review), Trump's Ice Cream Parlor (see my review) and the Trump Store, which sells all of the Trump merchandise you could ever want, as well as the beautiful Make America Great Again caps, which are some of the hottest items of all time.
The waterfall is terrific, and if you are a fan of history I recommend riding down the escalator, in order to experience the space where Donald Trump declared that he was running for president. This historic moment was marked by a deep breath and a "let's go" to his beautiful wife, Melania, and Trump hasn't looked back since. So come to Trump Tower and see where it all started.
This time of year there is a lot of security at Trump Tower.  However, it was never uncomfortable.  

Beautiful interior with shops.  

The Trump Store is cool if you want to check out all the Trump label merch and campaign swag.
Such a cool place, inside and out. The waterfall you view when walking in is beautiful!!! Definitely a place worth a quick visit to check out the stores and attractions.
Obviously this is one of the best places to stay as you are in the heart of NYC!!! We also are amazed by this spectacular building. The entire building and there rooms are wonderful and super clean. There hospitality is the best. There Salon is great for my wife as there always very accommodating. We always enjoy our stays! :)
Wow! I was at the Trump Cafe this morning with my little girls and all I can say is that the service was beyond expectations! Everyone was really accommodating, some real gentleman working there. From the host who showed us where were the bathrooms and the tables to even security. The food was really good, best bacon I've had on this block. I only hated the milk for the coffee, which taste like powdered milk, but they had no issue quickly exchanging it for a black coffee. Kuddos!
This building is one of the opulent landmarks in NYC. Absolutely well taken care of and where service is a plus. Highly recommended.
Trump Tower Grille was excellent. We had lunch special which made it affordable. 
High quality food and service.
I often visit the tower because my brother works here.

Once you enter the atrium of the tower, you really sense the wealth that dwells in its brass walls and it's 58 floors (663ft).

There are hundreds of tourist here snapping pictures. They occupy the shops, cafés, and the pedestrian bridge (waterfall pool crossing).

There is a massive interior waterfall that cascades down the 5 story atrium and it's unlike anything I seen "INSIDE" a building. The water is accented by a massive skylight which reflects/refracts light into the H20 creating beautiful caustic patterns on the walls.

The tower is also home to various business, residents and even television shows.
Security here is massive, and I've seen tourists being yelled at for hanging their cameras over the railings to snap photos LOL!

Nice place to visit, have some tea or dine with friends.
SO many haters on here!! I guess NY libs just do not like Donald Trump (they like Nanny Bloomberg??). We visited Trump Towers last week and it was an exceptional experience. Top-shelf granite & marble building; pleasant staff, quality stores, good food & drinks at reasonable prices. Exceptional facility and a must see if in Manhattan.
restaurant is great and the hotel is superb the Executive One Bedroom Park View Suite was breath takeing
Great  restaurants and view.
I am only basing on my review on one aspect only.  I think it's a good enough reason to say Mr. Trump can afford to be picky  with high standards.  We were there on Thanksgiving day and there weren't many places opened to the public except some shops in the lobby and coffee shop in the basement of Trump Tower.  It's more of curiosity for me to walk in to browse having coming out of Central Park onto the 5th Avenue with nowhere in particular I want  to go.  This is part of the places to stop by while walking down 5th Avenue lol...   And we think we could use the restroom there as well.  There was a long queue to the toilet.  It's pink inside!  My friend told me that since it's so busy we should be mentally prepared that it's going to be nasty in there.  Oh man, talking about law of attraction.  I pleasantly suspense/ignore  her suggestion and by the time we came back out we were totally impressed.  There was a cleaner lady in there in uniform who checked every single toilet after someone come out and made sure it's fit for the next user.  She was there non-stop doing just that.  The bathroom was immaculate.  Good job Mr. Trump.  Thank you for paying attention to details and keeping your property a pleasant place to visit even for someone who is not your customer.
Went to Trump Tower Bar with few friend after work. I was very impressed. We caught happy hour (martini drinks 1/2 price), my chocolate martini was delicious. There were not too many people, so we could chat without a proble. The waiter was nice and polite, but took too long with out orders. Amazing sits, and view, and music. Definately will return there with other friends and this time we will try the food. Another huge + was that there is Starbucks one flight up.
Trump is indeed Trump! The place here is very elegant, from marble walls, gold, and a beautiful fountain! This place is a must visit for new yorkers and travelers. Trump for President! Go!
Your "experience" at Trump Tower starts with a beaming doorman who courteously opens the door upon your immediate arrival.  The raucousness of the city is subjected into a much calmer, almost soothing environ as you pass through the double-glazed windows and are immediately subjected to a sea of captivating brass-plated escalators, phenomenal marble flooring, as well as an alluring ersatz waterfall. It is simply beguiling. As you escalate (on the escalators) towards the heavens, your appreciation for the sheer size of the atrium intensifies. The atrium is easily defined with one word, staggering.
It's nice that the building is open to the public. The doorman was all smiles and seemed genuinely happy to be working there! 

We went up to the public gardens and they're kinda sad. 

Fun to poke around, they have a Starbucks and a restaurant and bar. 

All in all we were there for only 5 mins.
When I am in midtown and in need to rest, I go here. It may not look like, but the building has history thanks to its interesting, famous, and infamous former and current tenants. It is a mixed use building, so it hosts commercial and residential units. 
For example, on the 54th floor (?), Bebe' Doc of Haiti used to live with his wife in the late 80s. Another powerful man lives here on house arrest but I do not recall his name.
The entrance is sumptuous. There is an escalator that takes you to a Starbucks, where you can just rest and take care of work. One level down the escalator is a food court serving typical NY fares and ice cream, as well as the Trump Grill. At the Trump Grill there is a lunch prix fix menu for $28. 
It is a great meeting place, with pleasant music in the background.
The Trump Tower is known for being the site of The Apprentice. It is crowded but somehow there is always a place where to sit. Great for people watching or eating a salty butter pretzel while minding your own business. 
The entrance/lobby hosts a stand where Trump memorabilia are sold, including his perfume line.
Visiting the Trump Tower is Just like visiting a historic place ir a museum, its an iconic place to go. You do not go for it's food (Although is not bad) or the service, u just go because of the place itself.
If u've been  watching "The apprentice"for the last couple of years, JUST to be there for the first time is  super cool. 

I would recommend this place to anyone who is visiting NY
Staying at the Trump Towers was quite an experience! Upon checking in, I saw two very famous movie stars walking through the lobby!! 
The rooms were very nice!  For NY, they were nice sized and tastefully decorated with a modern style flare. I had a basic room upgraded because I paid with my American Express. The room had a full kitchen with everything I could need and more!! It seems like Donald thought of everything because there were champagne, red and white wine glasses with a wine opener in the room, which was very convenient. 
The room service food was the best I've had in any hotel. Everything was super delicious. 
I liked the gym, but there is no pool, but I'm sure that may be impossible to find in the City. 
I loved how they turn down the beds and leave chocolate mints! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and hope to return to other Trump properties.
There's not much in the Trump Tower. A couple of shops and cafes and a Starbucks. (There are also office buildings and some residency units, but not available to the public.) But my touristy friends from out of town insisted on stopping by and I can see why. During the Christmas season, there's a huge tree in front of the cascading interior waterfall. It's really a quite pretty. And surprisingly, not too crowded either. Worth a visit!
Had a great experience in the dining section downstairs--my dad accidentally knocked over all our food in line (thanks Dad), but the floor manager was nice enough to have it cleaned up and got us out orders remade within 5 minutes and didn't charge us at all for the wasted good. Not to mention, the salad was pretty good!
We grabbed Starbucks for breakfast here on the way to Central Park and this was the first time I had ever had my Starbucks chocolate croissant heated up for me- it was wonderful.
My husband and I had about an hour left for last minute shopping before needing to catch our flight back home.  It was raining and we just happened to be near the Trump Tower. We went to the bar for a quick lunch. The bartender was wonderful and was operating as waiter, server, etc.  I enjoyed the Trump rose and the chicken sandwich was't bad.  My husband got the short rib burger and it was REALLY good.  It was a decent place for being in a hurry, but not a unique menu or anything.  We thought it was good enough and had a nice time.  Service was really good so going with 4 stars.
We went here with a Travelzoo voucher, which got us (2 people) 2 drinks or cocktails and 1 appetizer each. The specialty cocktails run about $15-$18 each, so, seriously, they damn well better be special - and they actually were. Since the voucher covered a second cocktail for each of us, we actually got to sample 4 different drinks, and each was refreshing and mixed very well. The appetizers (chicken fingers and pizza) were actually large enough to be a fairly decent lunch portion, so we didn't want for food, either.

The service is very professional. The bar is quite small, and being that it is in the middle of an atrium, getting to and from the rest rooms is quite an adventure (go down the back staircase, make your way down a long hallway, and then good luck finding your way back). We would definitely go back (but would probably just get 1 cocktail each and split a large appetizer to save money). It's a good place for business people to go an unwind right after leaving the office and before hitting the rails home, and also a nice place for tourists to stop by and say, we had drinks at Trump Plaza. Overpriced? Maybe, but not really for what you get.
Elegant!
Not a bad place to stop and get a coffee, see the water fall, buy a mug that says YOU"RE FIRED or a Trump tie. 
I enjoyed my visit to Donald's tower. Very elegant, staff here is attentive and very friendly.
So we spent our time after lunch strolling around the Upper East Side. My feet started to hurt and we were close by, so he suggested a reprieve at the bar in Trump Tower.

It's kind of a funny place - I'd liken it to the Mall at King of Prussia or to the old mall I remember in Georgetown (not sure if it's still there but it was across from where the Houston's was when still open there). Escalators and lots of window frontage, inside, so to speak. Bustling.

Nice bartender. I ordered a Kir Royale at first- far too sweet but it sounded interesting. Went with champagne instead (hey, it was my birthday and special trip!) and it was something lovely whose name escapes me. He liked his Belvedere just fine (pretty standard order!). The people watching was fun and it was interesting to step into "Trump's world," in a way, for a few minutes.
Visited the Tower on Sat May 5, 2012 around 6pm.   Just visited the atrium lobby with the golden waterfall,  the outside atrium, and the bottom level food court.  Had to use the restroom.  Remembered this place from my last visit to NY in 1997 that the bathroom was on the bottom floor.   The bathroom was good size and clean.   The only thing open on the bottom floor was the gift shop.  The other food places were closed.  On main lobby level the restaurant was closed, and the Trump Bar had about 3 people inside.  I choose not to patronize the bar.  The motorcycle was not  all that impressive.
Great place to visit a Starbucks or to hang out in the public gardens upstairs.
Ah, there's nothing like walking onto the corridor set of The Apprentice. Trump Tower is every bit as impressive as you would imagine from television. The building is plated in shining gold. A doorman is stationed outside (and doesn't mind having his picture taken.) He'll even turn the revolving door for you.

Inside, you will see the elevators that go into the Trump offices. There is a guard here though, and you can only access this area by appointment. No bother, as there are plenty of other things to look at here. There is a Trump Gift Counter, which sells Donald's books, ties, golf nostalgia, and other novelties. There are a few shops, including Ivanka Trump's jewelry line.

You will also find Trump Restaurant, which offers an affordable special for guests: an alcoholic beverage, appetizer and main for $25. Looking for something lighter? There's a Starbucks upstairs. The lobby of Trump Tower is decorated with a several-story tall waterfall fountain, which you can view from the escalators. If you take the escalators all the way up, you can sit out on the rooftop patio, enjoy your Starbucks, and get some fantastic views of surrounding New York City.
good public bathrooms! i firs went upstairs to starbucks, but couldn't seem to find them there, then ventured downstairs toward other restaurants and saw signs to the bathrooms - oh ya! always hard to find in NYC
The Donald's baby as seen on "The Apprentice" and on numerous TV spots.  A New York icon yet definitely a tourist trap.  The Open Atrium is open to the public from 8am to 10pm daily without being questioned.  On the upper level there are some shops including a Starbucks.
***This is solely a review of the building, and not Donald Trump.*** I greatly appreciate Mr. Trump for making the building available to the public between the hours of 8AM-10PM, but I really expected more to such an epic building. The atrium alone is huge. No, excuse me: Huuuuuuuuuugggge, and quite "bigly." Quite grand, along with the golden escalator that leads to the second floor Starbucks and bar area that has a plush red curtain.

Despite that, here is the thing: the first impression says grand, yet that's about it. It's like entering a big house without furniture. The color scheme seems to be gold & slightly pink in most areas. I don't quite understand what Mr. Trump was trying to do here. There is a fountain along the wall, yet it's turned off. There is a restaurant on the first floor, yet it is so-so upon first impression. There is an ice cream parlor next to the restaurant, yet that seems to be about it. Even though that Mr. Trump had a couple of glass cases that highlight his career in the manner of books starting from "The Art of the Deal" + another case with his presidential paraphernalia, that is pretty much it. Oh, there is a small Ivanka Trump boutique on the main floor, yet the hours seem to be limited as well. 

Aside from the regal Gucci store that is on the building's right side exterior, I actually expected a bit more from this building. For a building that was built decades ago, it seems as if the interior still has the 1980s mindset instead of current day designs. For something that is perceived to be exceptionally regal, Trump Tower leaves you with a feeling that it's missing something. 

Nonetheless, the building is okay. Can't wait to see the units that are $10,000 + a month. But hey, it's Park Avenue. Expect that.
Retro to the 80's featuring Crockett and Tubbs.  everything is gold with clean bathrooms..  weird off pink arizona color for the internal walls..
This was definitely a tall building, but much left to be desired upon entering. I wish there was more to it. The building was an ode to the Trump brand through and through. Yes, the man is good at branding himself. Upon walking in, you will see glass cases of his books for sale, the Trump ice cream parlor and pizza  downstairs. Oh yes, can't forget the Trump bar and restaurant. Oddly enough, there is a Starbucks in the building, which was more packed than anything else the building had to offer. Honestly, I wish there was more given that Trump is a mega-mogul that tries to have his hands in everything. My family and I visited NYC during the week of NYE, so it was cold and this was the perfect refuge from the weather. It was neat to visit and see where dozens of "Apprentice" contestants had to leave from after getting "fired". The tower is located on 5th Avenue with easy access to Central Park another upper east/west side attractions.
However you might feel about The Donald, this is a beautiful, regal building on 5th Ave. As soon as you enter, there is a feeling of grandeur with wide, open spaces inside. Staff was friendly.

It is a bit gaudy and ostentatious with pinkish-brown marble everywhere, but it does bring a feeling of luxury. There are places on the ground floor that sell nothing but Trump items - his signature ties, shirts, golf balls, you name it. It's worth a stop to peak inside if you are in the area.
I came here to buy a gift for a family member who likes Trump,  I purchased several items and they were placed into a nice gold bag with trump tissue paper. Make sure to ask for the larger trump shopping bag behind the counter to protect your purchase.
You did it Donald Trump... You've made a place that's all about you! Gold, shiny, and everything TRUMP!!! Kudos friend.. I would do the same if I were you. Trump clock, trump cafe, trump kids, trump you!!!  Great job. I'm not hating on you or your ego or your hair. You got it Donald. YOU'RE HIRED!!!
Flashback to the 80s.  Yea like other reviewers mentioned, there's not much here. Some shops, mostly all Trump related.  There's the Trump bar, which could serve as a nice respite from the cold. There's also a Starbucks if you go further up the 20 billion escalators.  The wall of cascading water is pretty neat and they put up a humongous Christmas tree during the season of giving.
Trump certainly makes sure this branded apartment building matches the rest of the labeled collection - gold and black are the themes, and the ground floor feature a public space that people can walk in and look at all things Trump - including a memorabilia shop, Starbucks, and a small jewelry store of Ivanka's (although it may be just her posing for all the jewelry shots, I couldn't tell). The Trump Bar is off to the right as you enter on the main floor.

Security and more to get up to the living quarters, so don't bother trying to get up to see the show, unless you are a cast member or similar.
It is a hotel, people work and stay here. There are restaurants,shops, cafés ,a pedestrian bridge and what not in this tower. 

Good luck bumping into tourists and happy sighseeing!
this feedback is for the Starbucks inside the Trump Tower. It's nice that you can sit and enjoy a bit the view on the 5th.
the 3 stars are because they don't have wireless and because the tables are not that clean.
I spent the entire day walking around NYC and visited Trump Tower in October 2005 on my last full day in NYC around the time Donald Trump and Mark Burnett's collaboration was quite popular at the time on the telly. This is next door to Tiffany & Co. or a few doors away. I was at the opening night for The Odd Couple and was given a Trump water bottle along with $50 by a very sweet lady who was grateful in my getting her a ticket for my standing in the "Will Call" line for opening night of the revival of The Odd Couple featuring the last (not final pairing) of Matthew Broderick and Nathan Lane. (Her husband thought I was a NY native and did not think I would help her out. I was quite flattered he thought that of me but I am from California. I just wanted to help a fellow theatre goer out, that's all.) The gifting of the water bottle oddly enough inspired the visit. (Trump Water?)

When I arrived, a very friendly New York City doorman commented on my rosy cheek glow. I said to him, "Thanks!" as I had been seeing the sights and sounds of the city as I went in.  We continued our conversation on my way out.

Man, it sure was crowded. I contemplated having a bite or two to eat yet decided not to do so because of the crowds. I did explore the areas opened to the public and oh yeah--there is a Starbucks there. 

I did a little early Xmas shopping at Trump Tower along with my $50 gift. I wanted to get a couple of pink ties for myself and for an Xmas present for a work colleague but alas it was Sold Out and it would be quite sometime before more were physically in stock. Those were sold in the main lobby smack dab in the center. In the lower level, I did score a "You're Hired" key ring for The Sibling. I made sure it both sides of the key fob said "You're Hired." I should have purchased the key rings with The Donald's catch phrase on both sides for two other work colleagues (that includes the one I was contemplating in buying the pink tie for).

On the way out, I continued my convo with the aforementioned doorman before heading next door to Tiffany & Co. We talked about New York and Cali including my seeing two shows on Broadway the nights before. He wished me safe travels home. He certainly repped himself and the Trump brand quite well in my humble opinion.

So this is an office building and a private residence as many reviews have stated. Too centrally located and crowded for my tastes. I do not think I would live here even if I could afford to. It is definitely worth a stop and/or a gander to look at. I would definitely try again to stop by for a pink tie or two when and if I come back to New York.

Fresh Yelp Review #98 for 2013
A tale of two cities

On one well-manicured hand it's gaudy and gilded; but on the other hand, it's like a car accident on the side of the road that makes it hard to look away.  

It's so exclusive that it looks like no one wants to willingly pay to be there.  Case in point - there wasn't a single customer in all of the Trump shops and restaurants (even the souvenir cart that [shock] displayed Donald Trump effigies and "you're fired" T-shirts).  The only establishment with business was the Starbucks.  In fact, the Starbucks had so many customers that there wasn't even a place to sit. - Exclusive.

On the other side of the train tracks, the building is attached to a strangely vacuous sculpture garden with about 5 sculptures.  Even stranger - it's open to the public even after the main tower is closed.  So if the swanky side doesn't have room for you, you can go to the sculpture garden and hang out with the pretty friendly homeless people keeping warm on a cold fall night.
I come here twice a month for a Chess meetup in the basement area at the foot of the indoor waterfall. It is a nice (free) location, great for playing board games, chess, or just hanging out. There is always a security guard present, and they are always nice, even to people who don't buy anything at the food vendors down here.

You have to deal with the occasional splash of water from the waterfall, but it's not bad, and can be refreshing on a hot summer's day.

I won't ever spend any money here (because I don't want to support Trump AT ALL), but I applaud his management staff for opening up a great place for local game meetups.
Decided to be all touristy and have a drink at the bar in the Trump Tower.  Meh.  The decor is very outdated and not really what I expected.  Luckily, it was happy hour and my Moscow Mule was only about $7.  The drink was strong but not really made with much precision (I'm not a bartender though, what do I know).  I guess I just expected a little nicer and more modern experience, but the price was right and the staff were friendly.  Would definitely recommend ducking in for a drink at the happy hour prices.
Funny, I live in New York  and didn't know it was a tourist attraction.
 A boring one if you ask me at least as it compares to real tourist attractions.
 I don't watch the show but apparently  it is filmed here. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump_Tower_%28New_York_City%29
In between jobs I used to baby sit at hotels it involves a huge background check , psychological check, drug testing, references, criminal check, credit check , you practically have to be Mother Teresa to baby sit at the hotels.
 I understand the scrutiny because people are placing their trust in the hands of a stranger. But it can be just as scary meeting and baby sitting for wealthy  strangers who may just be looking to use you as a scape goat in their web of deceit and evil who have the money and resources to bury you.  And their is no background check done on the parents. All I can say about the people I met here is money doesn't buy integrity, honesty, safety, inner strength, decency, sanity  or character.

This property is not a hotel but some who have homes all over the world use it as a hotel or their New York residence.
I met Mr. Trump who at the time lived in the Pent House of  this building. I don't know if he still does. I don't exactly run in the same circles as him. He seems friendly enough, he does not give off the vibe that he thinks he is better than you. That was back in the year 2000. He does though give off the vibe of being very harried and exhausted like most New Yorkers. He is nice though.
I did not see his penthouse but saw an upper floor apartment. The views are great. However the style of the building is too old for my tastes. I like the Columbus Avenue hotel which I also baby sat at. It was featured in the movie Tower Heist. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tower_Heist I used to live in the neighborhood back when it was the Gulf And Western building. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulf%2BWestern
Trump 5th Avenue is very public and has very little privacy. So it is kind of fitting that a few celebrities who like to be in the media often live there. Celebrities who like their privacy live at a few of his other properties. The people in New York with the most money are not celebrities. They are the finance gurus and New York judges who take bribes and get rich that way.
This building is not for the discreet. But at least you know what people are up to here not a place for those who want to hide out.  http://www.worldtravelimages.net/New_York_5th_Ave2.html
But it is also a nice place to stop in-between jobs if you have more than one which is very common in NYC. But this is a tourist area for sure so if you choose to live here it is mainly for show boating.
For visitors wanting to see it because it is famous (which I only recently found out) I don't get the draw other than the fame. I like his other properties much better!

There is so much more to see in NYC than a building that is on TV. Check out my lists for that!
Where to take your out of town friends-
http://www.yelp.com/list/where-to-take-your-out-of-town-friends-to-show-off-nyc-new-york
NYC neighborhoods-http://www.yelp.com/list/nyc-neighborhoods-new-york-4
NYC parks-http://www.yelp.com/list/nyc-parks-new-york-3
Only in NY-http://www.yelp.com/list/only-in-new-york-new-york-3
Dance in NYC-http://www.yelp.com/list/dance-in-nyc-new-york
with children in NYC-http://www.yelp.com/list/the-nanny-diaries-new-york
China Town proper-http://www.yelp.com/list/jury-duty-lunch-and-shopping--manhattan-new-york
New York City hotels-http://www.yelp.com/list/my-favorite-nyc-hotels-new-york
NYC desserts-http://www.yelp.com/list/nyc-desserts-new-york
museum list-http://www.yelp.com/list/a-night-at-the-museum-new-york
Manhattan restaurants-http://www.yelp.com/list/all-the-critics-love-you-in-new-york-new-york
Spiritual churches (not religious churches)-http://www.yelp.com/list/spiritual-new-york-new-york
And be sure to go to the REAL Little Italy in the Bronx-http://www.arthuravenuebronx.com/
Ah, Mr. Trump, after having a cherry vanilla milkshake at your ice cream parlor, I wonder... is there nothing you can't do?  P.S.  I put a spare marble slab I had on the table for you when I left, I hope you can find it a good home.
My friend was giving me a crash course on marble while we were wandering through Trump Tower. He speculates/or read somewhere that Donald Trump bought out a whole marble cave to make sure he always has enough marble for his buildings, because the best indicator of expensive marble is its unbroken size.  Anyway, that was the fun fact of the day.  Of course, Trump Tower boasts very big slats in the lobby.

We ordered our Starbucks coffee and made our way to the cafeteria area.  The cafe here makes all type of hot food, but it seemed pretty overpriced from what I saw.

This is a nice place to sit and relax if you're in the area.
Is there such a thing as too much gold leafing or gold panels or gold?

I don't think it's as amazing looking as it is tacky.  But, hey at least there's a Starbucks.  And not much more.  An expensive bar, a commissary of some sort, clean public bathrooms, and that's about it.

3 stars for the cleanest public bathrooms in midtown.

2 stars off for the worst hairpiece in history.
Natasha and I grabbed a bottle of wine at the Trump Bar after Obika, it was just very necessary and this was the first place we saw. The service was fine, the clientele is entirely tourists, and the prices are as high as the tower it's in. Really? Fine to swing by, but it's not like I would ever make this a destination in and of itself. Bathrooms are super convoluted to find, just ask a waitress instead of trying to find them yourself, and bring a compass just in case.
Seriously....can we say "tacky"?!!!   This place really takes the cake in cheesy.  Shiny brass and glass with old fashioned marble.  Yes there is such a thing as old fashioned marble.  Not timeless, just incredibly dated.  

And when you go to the women's restroom, it's so hot and old.  Omg I haven't seen beat up bathroom stall doors like that in ages.  Reminded me of a service station lol.  

Had a drink at Trump Bar hahaha.  Yes I'm laughing that everything is called trump.  Not surprised.
I was in the area after walking through Central Park so I was curious and though I'd check this out. Most of the building is closed to the public but I saw the lobby with an expensive looking generic hotel bar, a display case of everything thing Trump, and a Starbucks upstairs.  They supposedly have an ice cream shop and a gift shop but they were both closed around 6:30 even though the building is open until 10pm. Weird huh? If you wanna check this place I guess do it during the day but not missing much if you skip it.
There aren't many shops in here since most of them closed down...just empty office space...security out front is tight, though.
Bad temperature control. Sometimes ok but gets too cold other times. February and their A/C is blowing full blast on customers. Trying to enjoy my coffee but I might get a cold if I stay here too long. This happened a few days ago as well.
Ehhhh.......was in the area so I decided to stop by, havent been here since I was a kid.  It's pretty much the same as I remember it. Very dated looking, totally stuck in the 80s or early 90s look.  Bleh.

It's opened to the public so just walk on in, it has a doorman but dont let that deter you. Souvenirs downstairs as you enter, you can buy ugly polo shirts, and other junk you really dont need with the name "Trump" on it.  You can buy his latest book too. 

Took the escalator all the way up, went to the 2 public gardens, it was pretty lame, nothing cool up there, didnt really see anything garden related except a few shrubs etc, we sat and looked up at the views and about 5 mins later we were on our way back down the escalators.  Nothing really special about this, probably wont go again as I wont need to.  Kind of empty as you go on each floor as there was a few business' that closed down and the suite is now empty. There's a Starbucks and a restaurant called Trump Bar.  Had no interest in going in as it looked pretty lame.  

Anyways, if you have a few minutes to burn, you may want to check it out if you've never been, but other than that.....ehhh, keep walking.
Stopped in today for a late lunch and experienced a less than stellar meal. The server took his time greeting us; brought iced tea and no sweetener/sugar; suggested a "sweet" wine that was not sweet; brought our meal w no condiments, etc. Bananas Foster was burned and inedible - when I offered feedback, he apologized but made no move to correct. Coffee was lukewarm. For all the pomp Trump portrays, his restaurant was second class. No measure of customer service.
To me, this building owned by the King of D----e Bags or, our next president (God help us all) is practically useless.  They opened up some food court in the lower level beside the Trump Grille Restaurant which looks to have lowered their prices.  There's a Starbucks if you want to pay extra and you could even buy Trump ties, Trump suits, Trump this and Trump that.  Nicely decorated for the holidays as well and, weather permitting, there's a small public garden for so so views of midtown.  This offers nothing as far as interest and it's basically an homage to The Douche, oops, The Donald.
I walked by this place on my full day in NY but saw a doorman there and thought I couldn't go in. The next day I was walking by it again in a heavy downpour and saw people going inside. So I decided to check it out.

On the ground floor are two "Donald Trump" souvenir stands and an escalator which leads to a Starbucks.  As I was riding the escalator I looked down and saw a large foyer with a restaurant attached to it.

I had already eaten breakfast but decided to see what was down there. Yes, there is a restaurant and you can walk into a nice enclosed glass foyer to relax or get dry from the rain. In this foyer I saw the entrance to Niketown.

I looked over the souvenir stands and saw one was for men and one for women. Course they are all Donald Trump items ranging from polos to mugs, and naturally a full size umbrella.

The only thing that impressed me was the foyer as it gives a great view of 5th Ave and you can sit and unwind. I cannot rate the restaurant since I did not eat there.

Other than that there really isn't too much to it.
This review is really for the atrium portion located inside Trump Towers...eat here frequently on my lunch break being that I work in the area. If there were sufficient and quiet areas in my actual job to eat then I probably would be eating elsewhere other than the atrium but sometimes you gotta make due...

For one, the midday lunch break leaves you with very limited chances of getting a seat in here as being that here is a heavily populated business area. Not to mention that the tables in here do not get clean as frequently as they should if ever. You will really only see tables getting clean if the atrium isn't congested which if you ask me can create a health hazard for those eating here. Added to that and for whatever reason homeless people at times are allowed to sit here which IMO should not be acceptable especially considering that families at times bring their kids here and people eat in the atrium on a daily basis. One of the "security" guards here who tends to the atrium much of the midday to evening weekday hours is very annoying as well and will tend to stare at you or hover around your table if he feels you may be a threat or disturbance to the atrium which is really uncomfortable. He'll be quick to do his own stare surveillance of you or wake you if you are taking a quick 10-15 minute nap here but will barely say anything to a homeless person leaving ripped and grotesque bags around. 

Better cleaning and guards and more seating are needed in the atrium to make it a more pleasant eating area for tourists and those who work in the area,
drinks are strong... score!  its very tiny though.  for what it is...  its way too overpriced during non happy hr times.  however, during happy hr which i believe is 5-8 (check again) drinks are 1/2 off.

crowd is very touristy.
I came to the Trump Bar for happy hour with my BFF, and my BF had already prepped me for what to expect. I knew what I was getting into, but I still hoped that they could do better.  Unfortunately, that was not the case. Maybe it's because there isn't really that much competition in the area, but I expected that the name (and the prices), you'd get a better experience.

First of all, the decor is really out-dated, and that can be charming, I suppose.  We sat on the large leather couch, which was cozy, but needed to be cleaned. It's all maroon velvet, brass and pink marble... I just kept imagining early 80s Wall Street guys running around with their wide lapel suits and paisley ties. Honestly, I can appreciate some kitsch, but the entire experience felt like it was stuck in the same era.

Drinks: The menu is pretty standard...there's a few specialty cocktails, but the majority of the menu is taken up by your regular drinks that I really don't need to see on a menu: a margarita, an old fashioned, a cosmo. I expect a competent bartender to be able to make that without it being listed. Whatever, that's nit-picky. But the drinks I had weren't really made that well. They hadn't really been mixed and the ice cubes were too small for a cocktail. I think that's important for a well made cocktail: You have to get the ice ratio right.

Food: Very blah. Pulled pork sliders were fine, but the slaw on the side was very strange, and had no color. The cheese plate was pretty boring. Smoked gouda? So 80s. And the bleu cheese was so off balance, we couldn't finish it. Chevre and camembert (or was it brie? they were not described for us) were fine. The panini was not pressed, but the fried shrimp was exactly what I expected. Over all, the menu seemed frozen in the 80s.  I expected something a little more high end and more creative.

Service: The service was severely lacking. My friend arrived a couple of minutes before I did, and when we had decided what we wanted, we had to wait another 20 minutes to order. Throughout the evening, I felt like we were constantly waving servers down, and it didn't really feel as if we were being paid any attention. Even at the end of our experience, we had to bring our check to the bar to pay...

Overall, this place needs to really update everything from top to bottom.
Run down and not on par with what you'd expect with a Trump-affiliated bar. It's small, feels a bit dingy and dated, and every single time you order a drink, it comes out looking and tasting different. Food was decent, other than the fact that half of the grapes on the cheese plate were blatantly half-rotten. I used a Travelzoo voucher, but I wouldn't come back here for full-price fare. It's not worth $15+ drinks, not in the least.
this was my second time eating/drinking at the Trump Bar. the food is good but the service is terrible. the staff wasn't accommodating when there was a mistake with our bill. i had a travel zoo deal which states i was entitled to 4 cocktails (up to $18 each) and 2 Trump Bar grill menu items (up to $15 each) without going into the details they over charged me and refused to rectify the problem. i pointed out the mistake several times. after the 3rd attempt to prove my point they sent a "manager" over who was no more help than the waiter. i agreed to pay the difference but they didnt want to do what most reputable establishments would do, satisfy the customer. this is a trump establishment and i dont think the staff is providing the level of service expected of a trump owned restaurant/bar. 

i will never go back and if you have a promotional deal dont expect much.
Had a drink at the Trump Bar in the lobby. It felt alot like I was in some wierd hotel bar in the Midwest somewhere. Everyone in the area, except my group was 45 yrs old, and the drinks were really expensive.  

Trump bar- You're Fired! 
I know that was cheesy, but I had to go for it.
Pretty sure this place is a portal to hell. A shrine to excess and greed. A house built of greed and gold is a shrine to muck and mold.
Only because I have to put one . Paid a lot of money  to stay in one of his not so good rooms . Every house keeper I seen couldn't speak English . Call front desk they said I seed the bug  man in morning. What service I got .  My kids said to me daddy our we at trump tower or DUMP tower... lol  here is a pic so you can see for ur self..
As a woman, I feel unsafe at this establishment. New York and the country would be better off without it!
Awful place, taco salad sucked. Employees all looked sad and mistreated. Difficult to get past police, the owner is rude and not intelligent at all.
Visited as a child and thought the world of his gold gaudy style...now that I'm grown and know better I can see the emptiness that hides in it's walls.  No point in going here unless you desperately need a Starbucks!!!

yuck yuck yuck
On November 9th, 2016 I could not get through to the hotel to inquire about the protests affecting my stay. No one would answer the phone.

Worst customer service ever. I will not be returning.
There's not much to see in the glitzy Trump Tower, it is very 'gold' and seems dated in a Vegas kind of way.   It does have a Starbucks but there are 222 Starbucks in Manhattan (seriously) so no need to make a special trip to Trump Tower.  With that said it is in an excellent location adjacent to lthe Tiffany flagship Store and very close to Bergdorf's and the Plaza, so if you are a NYC visitor you are llikely to be walking by Trump Tower in which case pop in to use the restroom if need be, but would not make a special trip, unless you are into Trump paraphernalia (no doubt made in China). 

Amazing he won.  What happened to all that talk about a rigged election??? 

Win or lose Trump tower is still tacky, especially the penthouse, hope that decorator is not unleashed on the White House.  God forbid!!
I always thought NYC had great restaurants. This is not one of them. Bland selection to match the taste. Over the top gaudy atmosphere with a sleazy group of people. Thankfully it was not busy so we could get out as quick as we came in.  Sorry but the food was terrible and the service confused.  They brought us a cheap bottle of wine and tried to pass it off as the "good" stuff. Blah
Worst taco bowl ever. Not worth $5, much less the insane EIGHTEEN DOLLARS they charge.
Tacky. Gaudy. Dirty. After I left I felt like I needed a shower. I will never return.
It's full of Trump merchandise and generally reeks of Trump. I would recommend going in to use the bathroom in the lobby if you're having stomach problems and are nearby. Be sure to walk around to the point of being an eyesore, then leave without spending a dime. Also, try to look homeless. They love that.
Trump cafe is awful, tried the breakfast sandwich and the price is reasonable at $5 but the sandwich is bland with no flavour. The seating area is dated and looks tired, and the security guards are rude and unwelcoming, I get that they're security and not concierge but you can at least look at someone when they ask where the cafe is. 

The atrium is dusty and a bit dirty, the waterfall is cool but that's about it. Most people seem to come here, take a photo, use the loo and leave. It's more like a fancy public toilet than a high end lux store.
RUDENESS!  Our last evening in NYC, my family and I went shopping down Fifth Ave.  The boys and my husband were tired and hungry so they went to Starbucks to rest and get a snack in Trump Tower while I shopped down Fifth Avenue.  At 8:05pm I went to get them but the up escalator was blocked by a velvet rope.  I called my husband and he said they had just gotten their sandwiches as it took Starbucks forever to make their turkey panini.  I asked the security guard if I could go join them up the escalator and he just said, "No! We are closed."  I tried to explain that my whole family was up there and they had just gotten their food.  He told me they had to bring their food down (and eat on the street?).  I was very upset as obviously I wasn't going to order anything to slow up my family's exit.

Trump needs to employ people with common sense.  The guard was rude and as a representative of Trump National he should show some semblance of courtesy.  

Will not shop, eat here ever...
I have been to this place multiple times during my past visits to New York.  Anything beyond the first visit was only for the benefit of the doubt.  Considering all the money that has been spent on this building, I have never once been impressed with this place.

I always get a weird vibe when I am in this place.  I am not talking about the ugly gotti gold trim that I see on all the walls.  I am talking about the fact that this place feels more like a low-rate storage place from Minneapolis, MN.  The only difference is the amount of gold.  There are very few stores in there, and they are hard to access, considering the long distance between them.  For me, it is a huge inconvenience accessing certain stores.  There is a lot of potential to add in many more stores; instead, they use that empty space to fill in more gold.

I have asked some of the building employees there for help finding a particular store.  Most of them give me a snarky don't-care attitude.

I have visited the majority of the stores and restaurants.  I have never once gotten quality service in any of them.  The employees are rude, and they do not do a great job at keeping their stores organized.

Before my first visit here, I expected far more.  Instead, I have experience continual disappointment.  I will never come back here again.
This review is for the grill.  You'd think Trump would actually hire an Executive Chef or something but clearly that was not the case.  I ordered the Prix Fixe menu, the caesar salad had way too much dressing and you could very distinctly taste the anchovies used in the dressing.  Second, I ordered the linguine with clam sauce, also a disgustingly fishy taste.  Cheap tasting noodles, definitely not freshly prepared.  They did not even bring me my dessert and gnats started flying around while we were waiting for the check.  Definitely not worth the price and the decor is god awful.  Would never recommend for anyone to go here.
So tacky and god awful. It's dark and vacant. Leave it to Donald Trump to screw up retail space on 56th and 5th, but there you go. At least he actually owns it. 98% of the property that bears his name isn't owned by him t all. Why anyone would lease his name to put on their property is beyond me but the would is full of mysteries. 

What a fraud!!!
AT&T wifi woks with the blazing speed of 160kb. Tried several different seating spots, rebooted the computer several times and generally wastes 45 minutes between meetings.  Go elsewhere.
My friend and I were starving after shopping all morning so ducked inside to get a bite to eat. Restaurant downstairs seemed to only have a Prix Fix menu so went to the food court to get a sandwich or something.....what a mistake. Blah, pre-made sandwiches with the most bland pickles i've ever had, coleslaw that was questionable at best.....really the food at the airport was better.  A pre-made sandwich?? At Trump Tower??
We should have just grabbed a hot dog from a food cart-Worst food we had in NYC
Woof. What an experience.

After walking around in the freezing cold looking at the Rockefeller tree and the shops at Bryant Park (no shame in my touristy ways), a friend and I were in search of hot chocolate. After I'm sure passing many other Starbucks locations, he saw one with the address of Trump Tower in his phone. Not realizing it was in Trump Tower, away we went. When we got there, I saw that it was upstairs and therefore unlikely that we would be able to get to it and/or that it would be open. He bet me a "drink" (big mistake) that it would be open. It was not. Biggest mistake of all: offering to allow me to cash in on the "drink"--which was meant to be hot chocolate--at the Trump Bar. 

First of all, there were about five people in the bar. When we sat down, we realized that they were all employees who were there to watch the Giants game. This would be fine, except that they were all SCREAMING at the television and were also extremely rude. As in, no one greeted us when we got there and we had to ask to be served. We asked if they had any hot drinks, and the bartender offered us some sort of hot apple cider. Sounds delicious. Was not so delicious in reality. We were presented with lukewarm apple juice with a splash of Captain Morgan and a cinnamon stick. When we pointed out (very politely) that it wasn't even close to hot, the guy said he'd have to go downstairs to heat it up. Politely, we declined--we didn't want him to have to go ALL THE WAY downstairs. (Trump Bar is on the second floor, I believe). 

So, we drank our gross drinks, laughed at the obnoxious staff, then asked for the check. It was given to us by someone other than the person who made the drinks--someone who came out of nowhere--and we were in for a huge treat when we opened the bill. $36 for the two drinks PLUS AN 18% GRATUITY. For someone who showed up out of nowhere and pressed "print" on the cash register. This would have been just as bad if it had been the guy who made us the horrific drinks, but still. 

We paid our $40 bill for two of the grossest drinks on the planet, and walked out totally defeated.

Moral of the story: (there are two). 1. Don't go to Trump Bar EVER, and 2. Don't bet someone a drink if you are in the vicinity of this bar. You'll be cleaned out.
