So these two guys are gonna rob a bank...This is sort of a Spy vs Spy, as two undercover agents from two different government organizations, neither of whom knows of the other's link to his real employer, rob a bank together, only to discover they have been set up...plus there is waaaaay more money than they expect. $43.125M!Directed by Baltasar Kormákur ("The Deep" one of my favorites from the 2013 Seattle International Film Festival) and written by Blake Masters (Lots of TV) based on Boom Studio's graphic novels, this is fun all the way, with enough comedy to keep ME happy and enough action to entertain the screening audience.We enjoy:  * Denzel Washington ("Flight") is Bobby, the steady, focused DEA guy whose patience is sorely taxed by his gabby sidekick.  * Mark Wahlberg ("Broken City") is Stig, an ebullient (and very funny) Naval Intelligence officer...plus he's a GREAT shot!  * Paula Patton ("Disconnect") plays Deb, the beauty with the DEA who shares a history with Bobby.  * James Marsden ("30 Rock") brings Quince to the screen; he GIVES the orders in the Navy.  * Bill Paxton ("Big Love") his Earl from the CIA shows us what cruelty looks like.  * Edward James Olmos (Lots of TV) Papi Greco leads a drug cartel (as if things weren't already complicated enough).This R-rated actioner kept the audience involved every single minute. Expect profanity and nudity, plus a LOT of gunfire and vehicular mayhem, but no discernible Computer Generated Imaging.It was violent and wild, but I liked it! I'll enjoy the DVD from Amazon even more because I'll get ALL of the punchlines. Based on the graphic novel, 2 Guns, the film follows criminals Bobby Trench and Michael Stigman, who plan to rob Papi Greco, a Mexican drug lord. But after an unexpected overflow of cash during their heist that leaves them with $43 million, they both discover that they're both undercover. Stigman is Special Forces, and Trench is DEA. What they don't know, is the $43 million belongs to the CIA, and soon things spiral out of control, leaving the duo with nothing to do but fight back.2Guns is directed by Baltasar Kormakur, who previously directed Mark in the crime-thriller, Contraband. Here, 2Guns is filled to the brim with non-stop action, laughs, and a great story about friendship, with some bloody details thrown in. The writing is fantastic; nothing Oscar-winning, but still greatly memorable. The acting is even better, with this being Marky Mark's best film by far. Denzel Washington is great as Trench, and his role here does rank along his best (Alonzo from Training Day, Tobin Frost from Safe House, and Whip Whitaker from Flight). The cinematography is surprisingly fantastic, with a few great shots in New Mexico during a sequence where Bobby and Stigman have to cross from Mexico into the US. Honestly, the only movie I can think of that is as funny as 2Guns, is Edgar Wright's The World's End, which was also released this year.2Guns is a must-see and own for action fans, comedy lovers or anyone who likes the two lead actors because this movie, while not a massively epic blockbuster, really shows us why we love seeing movies on the big screen. The action never stops, and the laughs keep coming.4.5/5 Stars Bought this movie for my husband who loves movies and ones that are action packed, full of gun fights and testosterone. A CIA agent and a Navy Seal team up to bust a drug cartel and they are both undercover and initially they don't trust each other, but then they end up having to do some questionable things that bring them closer to trusting each other, lots of rude male humor....good movie. 2 Guns is one of the best movies I've seen this year.  It has good action, but the comedy in this movie is nonstop.  Washington and Wahlberg work great together.  I have watched it several times already and it gets better every time which I didn't think could be possible, but it is.  I recommend this to everybody.  I hope they make a sequel.I hope my review was helpful.  If it's not helpful then please leave a comment or question and I will definitely write back a.s.a.p. Fun, action, laughs and good times role in 2 GUNS. Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg are mesmerizing in this buddy movie extravaganza. There is never a dull moment. 2 GUNS truly rocks. Director Baltasar Kormákur gave us Mark Wahlberg in CONTRABAND in awesome sleeper of a movie. Kormákur outdoes himself here with Washington and Wahlberg. They seem like naturals in this film. Yes, I recommend it. This will rock you! Needs 10 stars. Funny, full of action and "is that all you got?" humor. I might just watch this again tonight. LOL! ....................POSSIBLE SPOILER AHEAD....................I love it when the good guys win. *smile* Don't go killing off the heros if you want my vote, let me tell you, buddy. Good show.I'm no critic, can't half type, and you'd never call me sophisticated, but I do know what I enjoy in an action film. Not much profanity- What? Doesn't anyone have a vocabulary anymore? Sheesh! Little-to-no nudity (been there, done that, don't need to watch someone else do it). I want sharp clever dialogue, great comedic timing, a plot that suprises me, heros that stay heros, bad guys that get what's coming to them. Think "The Rock."This movie is just plain fun. Yup- I should watch it again soon. You should, too. ;) 2 guns is a funny comedy with denzel washington and mark wahlberg. This two are just great together lots of funny moments. This is another must watch. I could write a long review about what i liked in this movie but i don't want to ruin it for others that may want to watch it. So all i can say is give it a try i don't think you will regret it. If you’re looking for plausibility in your adventure/thriller movies, then this is not the one for you. On the other hand, if you watch and/or go to the movies to be entertained and step away from reality, then you’ve hit the motherlode!Wahlberg and Washington did a great job with it and the underlying run of humor was exactly the right ‘dose’!5 Stars Denzel & Marky Mark in the same movie! with Guns! Here is a description in a nutshell - Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, -  crackling repoirtee' between Denzel and Mark- Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang -Paula Patton's spectacular body- Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang,Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang- crackling repoirtee' between Denzel, Mark and bad guys- Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang, Bang! Great supporting  performances from Bill Paxton, Paula Patton, Edward James Olmos & others. I find their chemistry to be so ironic..considering both Denzel and Mark are known racists. I hope they walked away with a better outlook. And knowing that most of the script was adlibed and still amazing says a lot about them both. They are a lot more alike than either realized.  The movie was every bit as exciting as I anticipated.  Every actor fit the roles and played them to perfection.  Although I enjoyed it my wife had difficulty with the overall voice quality and I am the one that wears hearing aids.  The sounds of explosions, gun shots, speeding cars, wrecks, etc., came through loud and clear.  However the speaking roles do not come across well.  It is as if the producers want you to guess what the actors are saying.  No we had the volume up high and still were left wondering what they were saying.  In addition where Spanish was spoken and the wording displayed on the screen, it was very difficult to read.  It was to small and the color washed out into the background.From my point of view, I understood and could follow the play of the movie and I would watch it again in the future.  However, as much as she likes all of the actors, my wife does not want to watch it again. Basically any Denzel Washington movie as a five-star movie for me.  He is a great actor and I haven't seen a movie at where he disappointed me.  He's also a Christian in real life and stands up for what he believes in. Mark Walburgh as a cutie as always  and does a great job as well. I loved this DVD and was surprised how Denzel and Mark interacted with each other.  It was exciting beyond belief.I won't discuss the plot as there are many surprises right up to the last minue. I highly recommend this movie,you won't be disappointed no matter what type you like to watch.  There were many times I laughed out loudwith the interaction between these two wonderful stars.  I have watched it 4 times already. I have longed for a movie like this Denzel Washington is one my favorite actors and Mark Wahlberg is the perfect partner for him in this film. It reminded of Billy Crystal and Gregory Hines long ago I love the chemistry then and this movie has it now. I wished I would have watched it the theaters but now I own it so I can watch it as many times as I want which has been quite a few times already. This film, with my two favorite actors, was ironic, funny, smart and cunning.  Denzel and Mark played off of one another beautifully and together found out "what happened" and then preceded to get to the bottom of the CIA secrets and then eliminated the problem in a way that is clever and bonded the two main characters in a way that is too delightful to give away.This is a "must see." I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this movie, when I ordered it.  The description didn't sound too bad.  We've liked other movies with Denzel Washington as well as ones with Mark Wahlberg, so I figured I'd give it a shot and order it.  I am SO glad I did.  This movie was great.  Both actors did a really good job.  Very interesting plot with lots of twists in it.  Lots of action and lots of comedy.  My husband and I both, really enjoyed watching it.  I'm sure we'll watch it many more times.  I definitely would recommend this movie. OM Goodness, this was such a fun film. Both actors rock these roles and do a bang up job making it fun and crazy. If you are looking for a film about guns, pissing drug dealers off, and doing it up with a "BANG" get this movie. Adventure, for Federal Agents, gone wrong and doing what's right in a big way. Buy it, I did, and after talking about it, I am going to watch it again. I wasn't expecting this movie to be as good as it was, because I had read some negative reviews.  But it was really a fun movie with some interesting plot twists. Some violence, but really not as bad as a lot of movies nowadays.  And Denzel and Mark were great together.  My husband even liked it, and he is a tough audience. I didn't expect this movie to be as good as it was, although I expected Denzel and Mark Wahlberg to be good in it. It was funny, dramatic, violent, left me wanting more. I am glad I watched it and bought it in blu ray (excellent picture quality). I hope they have a 2 Guns II sequel.I did received this movie on time and in excellent condition. Was a little hesitant to order this, but watched it on a plane ride on my tablet,  It kept me glued to the screen all the way thru and the twists and turns are great.  The real winner was the chemistry/adversity between Washington and Wahlberg and the constant badgering.  The true test was, giving the tablet to my wife so she could watch it, normally she is resistant to any violent movies, even though this was a true shoot-um-up bang bang, she loved it.  This is one of the better "buddy" action movies to come out in a long time. Not only is it paced well but it takes every cliche in the book and turns it on its head. Washington and Wahlberg hit home runs as does Bill Paxton. A great performance by most actors involved make this a compelling movie to watch. We enjoyed the movie very much. We don't like a lot of really out there swear words and we don't like a lot of nudity. Some that fits with the movie that is romantic or funny not crude. This was perfect. But we like Denzel and mark and would watch these two in any movie. It did get a little slow.  But that's ok.  I'm in my home with my family. I'm paying $4.99 for entertainment. I can pause it anytime we need to and all our snacks are home backed. You can't beat that! I love action movies, and this one is loaded with it. A great mix of that and comedy(I think Wahlberg is a comedic genius) makes this a highly enjoyable movie for me.Direction, pace and timing are great - but fair warning and maybe a small spoiler - DON"T buy this if you are a chicken lover. Ha!Enjoy! Denzel Washington is my favorite actor, Mark Walberg is running a close race. I was in heaven to have my two of my favorite actors together. The Movie was action-packed, funny and well-acted and directed. The premise for the movie was unique yet believable- The DEA and the Military stealing from the Mobs and CIA- what a hoot! The supporting cast did a bang up job as well. 5.0 stars for sure.. Loved this movie!! This was a really good action movie. The humor was the right amount and didn't turn the movie into shear sillyness. The storyline had me guessing from the very start. The acting was suberb from both the male leads. Bill Paxton played a creepy and excellent bad guy.This movie reminded me of some of the great action movies of the past. I rented this from Amazon but now wish I had bought a copy. I would certainly watch it again. Denzel and Mark are at their best.  They both are working undercover but for different agencies only they don't know that until well into the movie.  Denzel is trying to bring down a drug lord and Mark is working undercover for the military who want the money.  They rob a bank thinking the money there belongs to the drug lord ....but it isn't and that is when things get dicey.  Plenty of action and surprises.  The humor and barbs between Denzel and Mark made me laugh.  A must see Mark Walberg and Denzel were at their best. A great Kansas City shuffle with a lot humor. Only one scene is really inappropriate for my oldest kid to watch it with me, but I've come to expect Hollywood doing that. Still a very exciting and funny film. Denzel and Mark seemed to have a really good time playing off and working with each other in this film.  They were certainly fun to watch.  It was a good story and acted in a way that was believable,..most of the time.  I loved the extra twists at the end and the way things worked out.  There should most assuredly be a sequel. This was a very entertaining movie, my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Denzel is a favorite of ours and Wahlberg is fast becoming another favorite. The pairing of these two actors worked real well. I bought it for a Christmas present for my husband and he is thrilled that I got it. We are looking forward to watching it again in our home. Anybody who like comedy as well as some action will enjoy this. This is a very fast pace, fast talking movie. I like both actors but wasn't really sure about them in a movie but it was soooooo good. My boyfriend even wants to buy it after seeing it. I thought they would over-act eachother but they didn't. It is a must see for anyone that likes action movies. I would watch it again.  I really enjoy the action and comedy from this "buddy cop but not buddies" movie.I haven't enjoyed a buddy cop movie this much since the Lethal Weapons (Although "The Other Guys" was good).Keep your people close, you never know when you will need to depend on them. A really fun movie.  These guys really have chemistry.  I gave it 5 of 5 because it is really entertaining and fun to watch, but if you do not like fast action thrillers you may not like it as well as myself. This is an excellent, suspense-filled, unceasing action, and humorous drama. Two men, both expert-shots and experts in hand to hand combat, seem unable to get along and seem to work together, or are they able to get along? The movie is filled with other questions. Why are they working together? The DEA and Navy are both involved in combating a particular drug lord. But are they? Are the agencies involved but do the leaders of the groups combating them, or one of them, have a different agenda? What is it? Who is helping them?Things go wrong. Why? The film is filled with double crosses. Who is double crossing who? The two men think they are robbing a bank to take out three million dollars, but they find 43.125 million dollars. Why? A new man, very vicious appears wanting the stolen money returned. He says it is his. Who is he?  Viewers will certainly enjoy this roller coaster ride. The actors are great and the plot grabs you. if you like action movies this is one for you to watch. great actors and worth the money. if i was you and you can watch them get this in blu-ray. the quality of picture is so much better. very happy with this purchase. and it did show up on the day they said it would. so very happy with this purchase. SportieToi 12-25-13  The worst part of this movie was the 1/2 nudity scene - should have been omitted...  The best part of this movie was everything else!!!!All main actors - Denzel, Mark, James M, James O, Paula & Bill - gave stellar performances... They all had great chemistry in this comedy-drama and I would love to see them again!... Like, Billy Crystal and the late Gregory Hines, Denzel and Mark are perfect as partners...  I so hope they pair up again!!!!The ending was a very pleasant & funny surprise!!!5 stars!!!!!! rented this a week ago, and was able to watchyesterday.. my friend and I would rate it 10+ out of 10!we both loved it...plan of watching again if time..we both would recommend to anyone that likes Denzel andWahlberg. Fantastic movie!! Win-win combination.  Both guys are good actors, in my opinion.  Where the movie lacks in originality or depth, they make up for it.  It's an entertaining flick, and that's the point.  If you like Denzel and Markie-Mark, you won't be disappointed. this is a great movie with denzel and mark. they did a great job interacting along with paula patton. the verbal exchanges were hiliarious and I love the "make it rain" scene. someone come up with another great movie script for these two awesome actors. Picked this movie up without expecting much from it, I was surprised. Denzel Washington is excellent at his trade and Wahlberg seems to be coming along, this movie was well acted and entertaining with good use of humor. This was a fun movie from two of my all time favorite actors. Very enjoyable andsome unexpected twists. Highly recommend this movie. Was very entertainingwith obvious great chemistry between Denzel and Mark Walberg. You'll like this.  I passed on watching this movie a few times but a friend recommend it as a great movie. I took their advice and gave it a chance. After being skeptical of this movie in the beginning I was impressed and enjoyed the movie very much! I very much enjoyed all the twists, and surprises, and of course, the banter between the two great actors Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg was great.  I recommended it to three friends staying over after our Christmas party, and they all loved it too. So, that'll be a 5 star 4 thumbs up! This movie was both suspenseful, funny and had a few twist. Wahlberg was hilarious and Washington was, you know Denzel! The two together were greater than the parts I would love to see W&W; again and again. You've got to love this one!Mark Wahlberg & Denzel Washington  WORK!! Together they are INCREDIBLE!Anticipate (hoping for!) part two!.. 2Guns1Cup ??  Maybe 2Guns1Coupe! :-) ~ dawn Bigelow dawnssong4u  Two Tremendous performances "2 Guns" is great! This is how the story goes: For the past 12 months, DEA agent Bobby Trench and U.S. naval intelligence officer Marcus Stigman have been reluctantly attached at the hip. Working undercover as members of a narcotics syndicate, each man distrusts his partner as much as the criminals they have both been tasked to take down.When their attempt to infiltrate a Mexican drug cartel and recover millions goes haywire, Trench and Stigman are suddenly disavowed by their superiors. Now that everyone wants them in jail or in the ground, the only person they can count on is the other. Unfortunately for their pursuers, when good guys spend years pretending to be bad, they pick up a few tricks along the way.The cast led by Denzel Washington (as Bobby) & Mark Wahlberg (as Stig) is great. The directing by Baltasar Kormakur is great. The screenplay (based on the graphic novels by Steven Grant) by Blake Masters is great.The music by Clinton Shorter is great. The cinematography by Oliver Wood is great. The film editing by Michael Tronick is great. The casting by Sheila Jaffe is great. The production design by Beth Mickle is great. The art direction by Kevin Hardison is great. The set decoration by Leonard R. Spears, set dressings by Derek Bensonhaver, Gregory T. Geniusz, Ram Goradia, Prentice Randolph, David Thompson & Barker White, set designs by Wright McFarland, Adele Plauche & Trinh Vu is great. The costume design by Laura Jean Shannon is great. The special effects supervised by James Lorimer, coordinated by Ron Trost is great. The visual effects supervised by Janelle Croshaw, Dadi Einarsson & Charlie Iturriaga, coordinated by Eric Kimelton & Linda Kristjansdottir is great. The stunts coordinated by Darrin Prescott & Wade Allen is great.This is a great action film that is entertaining and fast-paced. It is also, at times, funny, as well. Denzel Washington & Mark Wahlberg are a great on-screen team. This is also a great re-teaming of Wahlberg & his "Contraband" director Baltasar Kormakur. This is one of the best movies of the summer season, thus far. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Denzel Washington & Mark Wahlburg were absolutely great together. It was fast paced, had a lot of humor (I loved the banter between them), and the 'bad guys' got what they deserved in the end. Perfect! Sometimes team movies work, sometimes they do not.  This is a great example of a team movie that works more than just a little bit.Mark Wahlberg and Denzel Washington team up together in this action drama comedy.  The chemistry between not only the two actors but the two characters is evident in how they interact with each other and in defense of each other.James Edward Olmos plays the part of Papi, a Mexican drug lord and Bill Paxton plays a CIA man.  Between the four characters there's a question of $43.125 Million dollars in cash from a bank heist. Great show! Funny lines a lot of action. Love The actors in this show. It was nice to watch a show that had you guessing the whole time of who the bad guys were. Great plot twist. Did have a nude scene nothing major though. Great show. Great action movie.  i am a fan of Denzel and I like most of Mark Wahlberg's movies, so this almost seemed like a "no brainer" for me.  Watched it with the family during the holidays and we really enjoyed it.  Now if I could get my soundbar to work correctly, I will ready for a repeat showing. I just love him. and the movie was excellent. Denzel Washington is getting to be a better actor. When he first started, I couldn't stand him. It seemed like he didn't have any character at all. But in this movie, he's great.  