As a popular game, fanatics must have been either thrilled to see this or worried to death. With Duncan Jones at the helm most fans should have been in the former camp with his previous works being of excellent standard. However this film isAs a popular game, fanatics must have been either thrilled to see this or worried to death. With Duncan Jones at the helm most fans should have been in the former camp with his previous works being of excellent standard. However this film is an epic mess on all levels. A script that spouts poor and cliched dialogue. Characters left with little to empathise with. A narrative that attempts to force too much in whilst also failing to bring anything together to form a coherent structure. Acting which doesn't belong on a production of this magnitude. A non-existent score. Editing that offers poor transitions between storylines. On the plus side Travis Fimmel gives a decent performance and the effects are rather good. But this can't save it from a very poor adaptation. There is never a real lead to proceedings so your loyalties don't lie with a single camp, keeping you firmly on the outside of everything that's happening. There is far too much magic and world building that all becomes confusing and laughable and this doesn't help the non-existent plot. This is basically franchise bait. There is no real resolution and characters are still in dire need to grow from the one dimension they are in, prompting that sequels will be in the offing but hopefully these will not see the light of day because this is a rather boring film that I doubt will have audiences calling for more. With the talent behind this project, on and off screen, and a fan base that is global this film deserved so much more and it never once hit half the heights it should. One of the poorer films of the year in what is already shaping into a bad year for cinema.… Expand - The "story" was forgettable, cramped into one moviedidn't come even near the epic proportions of WarCraft 3 & Frozen Throne!
- the music was boring and uninspired!

Why didn't they use the orchestrated Version of the WC3-Soundtrack?!- The "story" was forgettable, cramped into one moviedidn't come even near the epic proportions of WarCraft 3 & Frozen Throne! - the music was boring and uninspired! Why didn't they use the orchestrated Version of the WC3-Soundtrack?! - the characters were all forgettable and bland - the CGI-Orcs are more convincing then the Humans! - a cramped-in "love Story" out of nowhere Only good thing were the fantastic animated Orcs.But who cares? It doesn't make a good movie! Whoever wrote and directed this garbage, should hang his head in shameand just take a look at the really intriguing and gripping Story of unexpected alliances and dark powers and corruption of all from the WC3 Lore!… Expand I am sullied and need to erase the last two hours from my memory.  Let this review be the only record that I ever saw this lackluster mess of source material that could have been epic.  Glad to see how easily discredited the viewers are withI am sullied and need to erase the last two hours from my memory.  Let this review be the only record that I ever saw this lackluster mess of source material that could have been epic.  Glad to see how easily discredited the viewers are with their 10/10s proliferating the rankings in a desparate attempt to qualify their appreciation for a great series of games, but betraying the fact that most non-professional reviewers are compromised by emotion and personal desire to be taken seriously.… Expand An easy contender for worst movie of the year. As a huge Warcraft fan who has clocked in over 25 years of play going back to the original Warcraft, I have to question why anyone felt this was a story worth telling on the big screen. TheAn easy contender for worst movie of the year. As a huge Warcraft fan who has clocked in over 25 years of play going back to the original Warcraft, I have to question why anyone felt this was a story worth telling on the big screen. The writing and acting on part of the human characters is poor, leaving the mostly CGI orcs to be the most convincing part of the movie. The editing and pacing was distracting. This movie is proof that if you try to cram a LOTR-scale plot into two hours, the experience suffers. A strong warning to anyone who is unfamiliar with the world, setting and characters, you may feel overwhelmed and have no idea what's going on. This was hard to watch.… Expand When I first saw the scores on metacritic, before watching, I was pretty sure that the critics went insane and demanded from "Warcraft" things that the movie of such a genre can't possibly provide. This, however, is not the case. It's simplyWhen I first saw the scores on metacritic, before watching, I was pretty sure that the critics went insane and demanded from "Warcraft" things that the movie of such a genre can't possibly provide. This, however, is not the case. It's simply is not a good movie and, even more so, it's downright terrible.The dialog is awful, the characters are without a slightest touch of development. Even battle scenes suck being mostly just  sequences of close up shots and when camera finally gives a panoramic view it looks just like some strategy game with not so fresh graphics (maybe this one was on purpose, I don't know)Orcs are two weak, die with 1-2 hits, lore is unexplained (I played wc3 and know smth about it but still), magic powers are arbitrary, characters and their motives are stupid  and random. There is no sense of the universe whatsoever, no immersion is possible when everything is done so poorly.I expected it to be sheer epicness similar to LotR, but, for some reasons, misinterpreted by critics. Instead I got a cheesy movie with vibe similar to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I suppose, people, who liked it, simply don't realize that based on Warcraft could've been done much better movie, trilogy even. What we've got is a **** mess that does no justice to the game and its true fans.… Expand Played all of the series RTS games and WOW a bit too.Despite the fact that the movie tries, and for most part succeeds, to stay true to the lore....acting is horrible, screenplay is a joke, characters are deep as a puddle of water after aPlayed all of the series RTS games and WOW a bit too.Despite the fact that the movie tries, and for most part succeeds, to stay true to the lore....acting is horrible, screenplay is a joke, characters are deep as a puddle of water after a few drops of rain. Could have been much better with just a ctrl-c and ctrl-v from the original game dialogues. What a shame… Expand The movie was fine until the part came with the introduction to the Humans. After seeing a CGI fest, the Humans in the movie are not toggled with the effects at all. It was so out of place for me, that I simply couldn't take the movieThe movie was fine until the part came with the introduction to the Humans. After seeing a CGI fest, the Humans in the movie are not toggled with the effects at all. It was so out of place for me, that I simply couldn't take the movie seriously from then on. Not to mention the story is equivalent to Lion King Two with Humans, Orks n' Dwarfs. The fact that they dumped so much CGI into the film, only to disregard the humans in the movie just made me laugh uncontrollably from how bad it was. It's like… Expand For the record:I love Blizzard, and for the most part the entertainment products they have provided through the years are generally felt to be of high quality and standards.
This rating of Zero is more a symbolic gesture, meant to offsetFor the record:I love Blizzard, and for the most part the entertainment products they have provided through the years are generally felt to be of high quality and standards. This rating of Zero is more a symbolic gesture, meant to offset at least one of the auto-erotic-blizzard-is-infallable-and-my-life-is-empty-otherwise 10's This movie was, in a hyphenated-word, Fan-Service. Several other reviewers down here have made far more articulate points about How and Why this was a really...really...Really Bad Movie. Do I truly believe it's a 'Zero' ... No.  More like a high 2 or a low 3 with the weight of that resting solely on the incredible CGI team - but as stated above, this is really a symbolic review and rating meant to - at the very least - offset an undeserved 10 that was based on someone having a massive nerd-gasm rather than approaching it objectively.… Expand So a lot of the people reviewing the movie on here state quickly that they are fans of the property and I think they are missing the biggest flaw in the film. As someone who has not played any Warcraft game I was lost throughout most of the film as it seemed to feel no need to explain itself. As for the characters in the film well I don't know if they are from the games or not but very little development is given to them and romantic plot lines seem to appear out of thin air. The CGI was god awful for such a big summer movie at too many points that at several moments I audibly scoffed at the film. It then confidently sets up sequels all throughout the ending while you yawn as CG creatures beat each other up and Shrek Moses washes down a stream. I'll say it again though I don't care if this movie was made for the fans because the fans will have a hard time showing this movie to anyone else to get them intrigued in this series. I've seen better **** looking at the paper after I wipe… Expand I was really rooting for Warcraft. There's a lot of great talent involved, and a good video game movie is long overdue. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a mess in virtually every aspect. It's almost as if Charles Roven is actively tryingI was really rooting for Warcraft. There's a lot of great talent involved, and a good video game movie is long overdue. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a mess in virtually every aspect. It's almost as if Charles Roven is actively trying to destroy the goodwill he earned after The Dark Knight trilogy (it's not as awful as Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, but I digress). Aside from Travis Fimmel, everyone seemed to be acting for a high school play (even the usually excellent Paula Patton, Ben Foster and Dominic Cooper). The plot and world building are so ridiculously hard to follow and nonsensical that you feel like you need a World of Warcraft manual to understand what's going on. The paper-thin characters only speak exposition or redundant descriptions of themselves. Not even the action scenes stand out, since they're clumsily paced and lack sense of urgency. Most of the visuals are admittedly beautiful, but at times, they look like old Xbox cutscenes (those lightnings were laughable). Overall, the whole enterprise amounts to a big and resounding "who cares?" Hopefully Assassin's Creed will break the video game movies curse in December.… Expand I had really high hopes for this film.  I love the genre and I am a fan of Warcraft.  I left the theater feeling 'meh'.  The visuals and scenery were great, the general idea behind the plot was not bad, the story and the characters reallyI had really high hopes for this film.  I love the genre and I am a fan of Warcraft.  I left the theater feeling 'meh'.  The visuals and scenery were great, the general idea behind the plot was not bad, the story and the characters really killed it for me. The actors themselves seemed to migrate straight from a LARP festival (live action role playing - try youtubing it if you aren't familiar with the term) to the movie.  Almost as if they took hardcore warcraft addicts and cosplayers and asked them to star in the movie.  Rather geeky, a bit awkward, cool only to other LARP'ers, and not very believable in the roles they were supposed to be playing.  Ironically, the CGI orcs were the most believable characters in the movie.  None of the human characters really fit the roles; rather, it seemed like each actor just wished that they fit that role.  I suppose this is why there are so many positive user reviews....a lot of warcraft addicts can relate to the actors and as such are wiling to overlook glaring story line and acting flaws.  Not that being a geek is a bad thing, but in large part due to the actors, I don't think this movie will have very much appeal outside of the geek warcraft culture. The story line relies on an over-abundance of suspended disbelief by the audience.  I don't mean suspend disbelieve that magic and orcs exist, I mean believe that the 'guardian' is extremely jealous of a mage trainee with no basis or foundation for that jealousy; believe that the main hero can effortlessly stand up to the orcs who rip through other soldiers like rag dolls; believe in two main characters falling in love even though there is no apparent chemistry or buildup between them; and many many many more examples.  It skips character development almost entirely at many points and in other places is completely inconsistent (like the guardian being unbelievably and overly jealous of the mage hero, yet constantly alluding to that hero becoming the next guardian, even though the mage hero shows no desire or actions of trying to, or even wanting to, become the guardian). All in all, the story felt a lot like a semi-decent fanfic; lots of missing information and plot gaps, lots of inconsistencies, and not very polished or professional, which really sucks for an epic multi-million dollar hollywood blockbuster.… Expand What a steaming pile of sht. It has nothing to do with mainstream critics not understanding that it's based on a game or high fantasy. From its technical standpoint, fluidity, continuity, trying-to-make-sense, sound, and everything inWhat a steaming pile of sht. It has nothing to do with mainstream critics not understanding that it's based on a game or high fantasy. From its technical standpoint, fluidity, continuity, trying-to-make-sense, sound, and everything in between, this film was a turd.… Expand This film is an example of the incompetnce of the director and the most part of the person that have create the film and the stupidity of the audience, because is enough show a couple of sword magic to make a good fim for them. Only the partThis film is an example of the incompetnce of the director and the most part of the person that have create the film and the stupidity of the audience, because is enough show a couple of sword magic to make a good fim for them. Only the part of the orcs are good, but the rest of  the film is a mix of bad choices, dialogues without sense, orrible sceneplay and bad actor in bad charater that are bi dimensiona. The film is full of naive comicality and epic but fool scene.… Expand A hot scrambled mess with overwhelming visual effects and underwhelming performances, clearly it is not a movie for movie audiences. This poorly constructed story could barely even entertain the hardcore game fans, who seems to be the onlyA hot scrambled mess with overwhelming visual effects and underwhelming performances, clearly it is not a movie for movie audiences. This poorly constructed story could barely even entertain the hardcore game fans, who seems to be the only target audiences of it.… Expand This film is packed with battles, dramatic scenes and a bit of sparky magic. However the movie felt that there was no long-term character development within the start to end. If you're a fan of the game, then go for it. However if you're notThis film is packed with battles, dramatic scenes and a bit of sparky magic. However the movie felt that there was no long-term character development within the start to end. If you're a fan of the game, then go for it. However if you're not - and you have no idea what this movie is about, you'll get very bored easily because really, it was very predictable.… Expand its was horrible, they tried to push too much story into the movie and there was scene jumping where large amounts of time had past by off screen during key movie points and there was no explanation. the story itself was very predictable andits was horrible, they tried to push too much story into the movie and there was scene jumping where large amounts of time had past by off screen during key movie points and there was no explanation. the story itself was very predictable and boring but that might be because of the source material. the cgi for orcs was good but the humans looked ridicules wearing blue tights with obvious plastic armour that looked way to glossy to be realistic. i understand this movie is a game movie so they want to stick to the world the gamers know but i think this could have been a lot better with a better director and a better written story, i hope this isn't the end of the blizzards movies but i also hope its the end of blizzards movies of this quality.… Expand A teen heading to ultra music festival that's high on mushrooms... That's this movies audience.   If you like sharknado movie you'll love this movie.  It's such a B-class movie... Blizzard has nailed shut the coffin for anyone to ever investA teen heading to ultra music festival that's high on mushrooms... That's this movies audience.   If you like sharknado movie you'll love this movie.  It's such a B-class movie... Blizzard has nailed shut the coffin for anyone to ever invest in their movies.  This movie on debut didn't really have any REAL competitors.  If it did, say it's released with any of marvels it would have made no profit whatsoever. It was like watching a group of people in cosplay make a fan fiction movie on YouTube...… Expand As a long time Warcraft fan dating back to the first game's release when I was in college (1994? Damn I'm old.) I found the movie to be completely lackluster. The pacing was horrible and the plot only made sense if you're a fan. If a viewerAs a long time Warcraft fan dating back to the first game's release when I was in college (1994? Damn I'm old.) I found the movie to be completely lackluster. The pacing was horrible and the plot only made sense if you're a fan. If a viewer is required to go to a third party media (games, books) to understand the plot of a movie, it's simply a bad movie. Warcraft was made simply for the spectacle of being made. Blizzard had an opportunity to take a very lore rich franchise - as rich as any established literary franchise - and expand its influence but instead chose to make a fan service film with CGI that we'll likely look back and laugh at in a couple years. If you're not an existing fan, ignore all these highly rated reviews because, like the movie, they are written for and by Warcraft fans who are incapable of understanding that a review is inherently a comparison between other movies in the genre. Putting this movie in the same class as other high fantasy films (think Avatar) is simply a joke. Given its niche audience, it would have been better off as a worldwide straight-to-digital release. Expect the Blu-ray to come out the same time as the next WoW expansion (in a mere two and a half months) because if there's one thing Blizzard excels at, it's marketing and hype.… Expand Those who haven't played any game from the Warcraft or WoW franchises would not enjoy this movie as the won't understand the backstory of the characters and their motives. Those, who like myself, have played the game and know the lore, willThose who haven't played any game from the Warcraft or WoW franchises would not enjoy this movie as the won't understand the backstory of the characters and their motives. Those, who like myself, have played the game and know the lore, will understand what is going on but won't enjoy the movie as well as they already know the story.I will start with the good elements. The creators of this movie made an obvious effort to bring the world of Warcraft to life on the big screen. The seasoned WoW player will be amazed by seeing the places, elements and characters of this game in a movie. Nostalgia, that is all I got from this movie, on the positive side.In good fantasy movies, certain elements must be present. First: a good introduction to the fantasy world where the movie occurs, how it is different from our reality and the main plot of the movie. Second: a good introduction to the main characters, and if they are not human, what makes them different and what are their backstories. And thirdly, and this applies to any type of movie, character development; events and conversations designed to reveal the personalities, tendencies and motives of each of the main characters.In this movie, there was not much room for any of that. Add to that the fact that the dialogues are serious and the acting is textbook to the point of making it seem like a high budget porno movie, with a few action scenes. What also stroke me as odd is the bland, almost lame dull soundtrack which is worlds apart from the great music from Warcraft and WoW games. The overall screenplay assumes the viewer is already familiar with the characters, the places and the backstory on which this movie stands. The visual effects are good but not great but the outfits of humans appeared amateurish and stupid and considering the time gap between the two, they are not much better than say: Power Rangers!This movie was a huge disappointment, something which we WoW players have grown accustomed to. It looks like a sad attempt at creating a prequel to a series of movies about a game franchise that once was the best but now is only a pale hollow version of what it used to be. To a non-gamer, this move is a lot of hype and marketing (which is blizzard's greatest strengths to be honest), a lot of money spent on a movie that doesn't really offer much in the way of storytelling, which is generally what fantasy movies are all about, and that closes with an open ending that doesn't resolve anything.… Expand TL;DR version: As a Warcraft player, it's an average retelling. As a movie goer? This is awful. Blizzard has tried to stuff the story of Warcraft: Orcs and Humans and what led up to it into a one and a half hour movie. That's far too muchTL;DR version: As a Warcraft player, it's an average retelling. As a movie goer? This is awful. Blizzard has tried to stuff the story of Warcraft: Orcs and Humans and what led up to it into a one and a half hour movie. That's far too much content for such a short time and in the movie, it shows. The opening scenes are a barely explained whirlwind rush of plot devices, scenes, characters and barely explained settings that no person not familiar with Warcraft will understand. Acting is stiff, dialogue is unnatural and forced, the plot doesn't have the time it needs to be properly fleshed out and to end after all that, the movie leaves plenty of room for a 'sequel'. Blizzard's ability to handle storytelling in games and movies has been slipping for a while now. I just hope that Blizzard either learns from their numerous mistakes with this and if they do try a sequel, to do it properly. But again, Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness had an equally long story. You can't fit that properly into a movie. Giving it a 2/10 because they put effort into the CGI.… Expand As a fan of the lore, I really hate what they did with it. There's no unwritten rule stating the director isn't allowed to make alterations, but the way they changed it made it feel cheap and hardly worthy of the name "Warcraft."The actingAs a fan of the lore, I really hate what they did with it. There's no unwritten rule stating the director isn't allowed to make alterations, but the way they changed it made it feel cheap and hardly worthy of the name "Warcraft."The acting was almost laughably bad and most of the human costumes looked cheesy and plastic-y, which didn't help with overall immersion. They did a decent job with the orcs, although Gul'dan looked rather odd.I'm glad the attempt was at least made to make Medivh seem mysterious and powerful, but I feel they failed at a proper portrayal. As a whole his character felt silly and underdeveloped.Overall the action sequences were enjoyable but the film was far too cheesy for my taste.… Expand The praise is too high for  some audiences and I agree this film is much better than any other video game movies which not saying much but also brings the horrible problems from those video game movies.The film suffers from pacing whichThe praise is too high for  some audiences and I agree this film is much better than any other video game movies which not saying much but also brings the horrible problems from those video game movies.The film suffers from pacing which didn't transition well,moments that were certainly rushed and characters that are just there to have an exposition or they are there for the sake of the plot.The movie has so much potential but because of it's restrictions it absolutely failed to deliver anything to the table.… Expand If you're not a die-hard warcraft fan, then do yourself a favor and skip this one, you'll regret it ... nothing to see here. Probably the worst acting I've ever seen in my entire life. Every single actor really hates being in this movieIf you're not a die-hard warcraft fan, then do yourself a favor and skip this one, you'll regret it ... nothing to see here. Probably the worst acting I've ever seen in my entire life. Every single actor really hates being in this movie and they don't even have the decency of hiding it. I wish I could say something about the plot, but I honestly had no idea what the hell they were even trying to do most of the time.… Expand Honestly, This is another purely visual film. There's such a heavy focus on the CG that everything else is neglected. The story is generic and terrible. The acting is simply laughable. They try to make it out to be this dramatic movie butHonestly, This is another purely visual film. There's such a heavy focus on the CG that everything else is neglected. The story is generic and terrible. The acting is simply laughable. They try to make it out to be this dramatic movie but it's impossible to get into it or interested enough into the characters. It's a shame too because Duncan Jones is a talented director but this movie flat out sucked.… Expand What a surprise another bad video game based movie, probably the worst movie of 2016 till now, i mean Batman V Superman was better than this pile of garbage you call a movie. The events are so inconsistent with each other and made no sense, like where the hell did a bunch of magical wizards appear and why did the guardian open the portal in the first place. Second of all, A ROMANCE BETWEEN A MAN AND A ORC is completely illogical. Why the hell would you kill off one of the 2 main characters in the movie if you're planning a sequel. This movie was so dull and boring that is made sleep through 75% of it, the only semi decent scene in the movie is the final battle.… Expand Let me start by stating that I am an avid WoW player.  As such, I was really looking forward to this movie to see where they would go with it....and ended up extremely disappointed. First, the entire movie felt like nothing more than oneLet me start by stating that I am an avid WoW player.  As such, I was really looking forward to this movie to see where they would go with it....and ended up extremely disappointed. First, the entire movie felt like nothing more than one large extended cut scene, very similar to what is already in the game at various achievement places.  Why do we need an entire movie of cut scenes?  Moving past that, the theme and story line lead into how the current expansion, Warlords of Draenor, began.  Content that is now 2+ years old, with the next expansion being released in just over 2 months!  So I simply paid to see the beginning of all the content that is ending?? It would have made much more sense to be a lead into the next expansion Legion, to possibly draw new players into the game with excitement of what's to come. The only reason I gave even the 3/10 score I did is due to my being a fan of the game itself.… Expand Отличный пример фильма по игре- убогий, плоский сюжет, который отдаленно похож на сюжет оригинальной вселенной. Однако хер знает почему, это унылое кинцо взлетело в глазах юзеров. Особенно любят хвалить его странные личности, которые заявляютОтличный пример фильма по игре- убогий, плоский сюжет, который отдаленно похож на сюжет оригинальной вселенной. Однако хер знает почему, это унылое кинцо взлетело в глазах юзеров. Особенно любят хвалить его странные личности, которые заявляют что являются фанатоми варкрафта, хотя ни разу не играли ни в стратегии, ни в вов.… Expand Comparable to the Shannara Chronicles, this is just plain bad.Acting, script, characterisations... as with many movies in the end it´s just a boring CGI show, which makes no sense whatsoever. No humor, bad action sequences, nothing isComparable to the Shannara Chronicles, this is just plain bad.Acting, script, characterisations... as with many movies in the end it´s just a boring CGI show, which makes no sense whatsoever. No humor, bad action sequences, nothing is comprehensible - it just feels like a senseless collection of scenes with slightly the same theme. I think no one even cared about it making sense a little bit or about continuity. The design, while true to the games which I like btw., doesn´t fit the big screen in any way. It´s just plain ridiculous. To the people, who seem to think, they must defend their beloved franchise by ignoring the failure of this movie: even as a WC fan you don´t need to like this to be a true fan, you know? It´s not heresy to be critical when something is as obviously bad as this adaption. Just think about, what would have been possible with some film making skills involved.… Expand If you're not a die-hard warcraft fan, then do yourself a favor and skip this one, you'll regret it ... nothing to see here. This film is very boring , stupid and overrated fans . Actors do not play , the characters are not disclosed , theIf you're not a die-hard warcraft fan, then do yourself a favor and skip this one, you'll regret it ... nothing to see here. This film is very boring , stupid and overrated fans . Actors do not play , the characters are not disclosed , the scenery looks behind by a couple of years .… Expand Just because it's good fan service does not excuse it from being a bad movie. The whole film is nothing but exposition, and if I put a gun to your head you couldn't find three adjectives to describe the cookie-cutter characters. My friendJust because it's good fan service does not excuse it from being a bad movie. The whole film is nothing but exposition, and if I put a gun to your head you couldn't find three adjectives to describe the cookie-cutter characters. My friend loves Warcraft and while he loved all the Easter eggs, even he acknowledged this movie isn't any good.… Expand Awful film. The acting was so abysmal anybody could have done it better. The scripting dialogue was an incoherent mess of random words that barely described its richer fantasy universe's history, and timeline providing little explanationAwful film. The acting was so abysmal anybody could have done it better. The scripting dialogue was an incoherent mess of random words that barely described its richer fantasy universe's history, and timeline providing little explanation behind content that was just supposed to happen and not very well, when it contained so many modern cliches, puns, and gags. The lore was also quite wrong, as this film was toned down for 6 year old's, instead of making it into a niche market gaining its cult gamer status from using more appropriate ratings. The CGI was okay if you consider that its affects were marketed for those 6 year old's, where even the Frostwolves are smiling, and the orcs scratch their heads talking like some other JarJar Bink's am such a dumb orc orc, don't worry the humans weren't any better check the king of Stormwind, white guy with a beard check and all those boxes are now complete, setting the acting, stage, nuance, tone and body language, not at all he has a beard so he can act. Epic fail. In short this is a hamfisted Disney attempt at trying to turn a dying profit by selling the children more toys as they make another skylanders from using its barbie dolls. Otherwise I have absolutely no idea what I  have had the displeasure of watching except for a giant puke fest that has me vomiting.  Because there will be pandas and butterflies next time. Not the undead demigods blighting the realm Avoid, or you will also be left wishing that a dark portal open, satanically consuming this audience… Expand This is truly a depressing experience. It’s rare to feel such pity for a major studio movie, but watching Warcraft bend over backwards to set up a sequel is like watching a desperate paramedic apply CPR to someone who’s clearly been dead forThis is truly a depressing experience. It’s rare to feel such pity for a major studio movie, but watching Warcraft bend over backwards to set up a sequel is like watching a desperate paramedic apply CPR to someone who’s clearly been dead for hours.… Expand This is the worst movie I have seen in quite a while. People actually were getting up and leaving the theater at about the 40 minute mark. The acting was really awful and the armor and CGI just looked ridiculous. The plot jumped around soThis is the worst movie I have seen in quite a while. People actually were getting up and leaving the theater at about the 40 minute mark. The acting was really awful and the armor and CGI just looked ridiculous. The plot jumped around so much that unless you play the Game there is really no point in watching it as you will have no idea what is going on. What a dud.… Expand I love Warcraft ever since I was a child so I really had high hopes. Sadly they were crushed as soon as I watched opening scenes. Blizzard always had good story and direction in their games so I can't understand why they weren't able toI love Warcraft ever since I was a child so I really had high hopes. Sadly they were crushed as soon as I watched opening scenes. Blizzard always had good story and direction in their games so I can't understand why they weren't able to translate it to the big screen.… Expand I really did not like it. The Romance aspect was cringeworthy and the only people giving it good scores are a handful of the 4 million or so remaining Blizzard fanboys that continue to play WoW. It is just another awkward sci fi movie thatI really did not like it. The Romance aspect was cringeworthy and the only people giving it good scores are a handful of the 4 million or so remaining Blizzard fanboys that continue to play WoW. It is just another awkward sci fi movie that has the same bad voice acting and cheesy CGI/CGI acting the only difference is the CGI is just slightly higher quality than their lower budgeted B movie lineage.… Expand As soon as I saw the critics review at 32 that made sense.....when I saw User Reviews I laughed out loud..........8.3.........LOL.......this was the worst movie I have seen in years....and I have seen Pixels and the Ghostbusters......utterAs soon as I saw the critics review at 32 that made sense.....when I saw User Reviews I laughed out loud..........8.3.........LOL.......this was the worst movie I have seen in years....and I have seen Pixels and the Ghostbusters......utter garbage......utter garbage......I payed money to watch this and turned it off after an hour....I couldn't believe how fake the fighting was........I actually asked "Really....and I am not a valley girl."… Expand Bliizard spent 50% if their budget on the movie, and the other 50% on bribing people for positive reviews. The Warcraft game franchise must abide by the law and limits set by the universe itself. There could be only so much greatnessBliizard spent 50% if their budget on the movie, and the other 50% on bribing people for positive reviews. The Warcraft game franchise must abide by the law and limits set by the universe itself. There could be only so much greatness before the equation must balance itself out. Warcraft game = NeoWarcraft movie = Agent Smith IT WAS INEVITABLE!!!… Expand 